Installed Packages
acl.x86_64                                             2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             @System   
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                             20171205-3.el8                                             @appstream
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                  20171205-3.el8                                             @appstream
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                              20180407-1.el8                                             @appstream
annobin.x86_64                                         10.94-1.el8                                                @appstream
asciidoc.noarch                                        8.6.10-0.5.20180627gitf7c2274.el8                          @appstream
atk.x86_64                                             2.28.1-1.el8                                               @appstream
audit-libs.x86_64                                      3.0.7-4.el8                                                @System   
autoconf.noarch                                        2.69-29.el8                                                @appstream
automake.noarch                                        1.16.1-7.el8                                               @appstream
avahi-libs.x86_64                                      0.7-20.el8                                                 @baseos   
basesystem.noarch                                      11-5.el8                                                   @System   
bash.x86_64                                            4.4.20-4.el8_6                                             @System   
binutils.x86_64                                        2.30-119.el8                                               @System   
bison.x86_64                                           3.0.4-10.el8                                               @appstream
boost-atomic.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-chrono.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-date-time.x86_64                                 1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-regex.x86_64                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-system.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-thread.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
boost-timer.x86_64                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              @appstream
byacc.x86_64                                           1.9.20170709-4.el8                                         @appstream
bzip2.x86_64                                           1.0.6-26.el8                                               @baseos   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                      1.0.6-26.el8                                               @System   
ca-certificates.noarch                                 2023.2.60_v7.0.306-80.0.el8_8                              @baseos   
cairo.x86_64                                           1.15.12-6.el8                                              @appstream
chkconfig.x86_64                                       1.19.1-1.el8                                               @System   
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                4.0-2.el8                                                  @appstream
coreutils-single.x86_64                                8.30-15.el8                                                @System   
cpio.x86_64                                            2.12-11.el8                                                @baseos   
cpp.x86_64                                             8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream
cracklib.x86_64                                        2.9.6-15.el8                                               @System   
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                  2.9.6-15.el8                                               @System   
crypto-policies.noarch                                 20221215-1.gitece0092.el8                                  @System   
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                         20221215-1.gitece0092.el8                                  @baseos   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                 2.3.7-5.el8                                                @System   
ctags.x86_64                                           5.8-23.el8                                                 @appstream
cups-libs.x86_64                                       1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         @baseos   
curl.x86_64                                            7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          @baseos   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             @System   
dbus.x86_64                                            1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        @baseos   
dbus-common.noarch                                     1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        @baseos   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                     1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        @baseos   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                       0.110-2.el8                                                @baseos   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                       1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        @baseos   
dbus-tools.x86_64                                      1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        @baseos   
device-mapper.x86_64                                   8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           @System   
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                              8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           @System   
diffstat.x86_64                                        1.61-7.el8                                                 @appstream
diffutils.x86_64                                       3.6-6.el8                                                  @baseos   
dnf.noarch                                             4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @System   
dnf-data.noarch                                        4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @System   
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                    1.0-69.el8                                                 @appstream
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                               1.79.2-9.el8                                               @appstream
dosfstools.x86_64                                      4.1-6.el8                                                  @baseos   
dracut.x86_64                                          049-223.git20230119.el8                                    @baseos   
dwz.x86_64                                             0.12-10.el8                                                @appstream
dyninst.x86_64                                         12.1.0-1.el8                                               @appstream
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                 3-3.el8                                                    @appstream
efivar-libs.x86_64                                     37-4.el8                                                   @baseos   
elfutils.x86_64                                        0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                      0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos   
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                     0.188-3.el8                                                @System   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                  0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                 0.188-3.el8                                                @System   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                           0.188-3.el8                                                @baseos   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                   0.188-3.el8                                                @System   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          @baseos   
expat.x86_64                                           2.2.5-11.el8                                               @System   
expect.x86_64                                          5.45.4-5.el8                                               @baseos   
file.x86_64                                            5.33-24.el8                                                @baseos   
file-libs.x86_64                                       5.33-24.el8                                                @System   
filesystem.x86_64                                      3.8-6.el8                                                  @System   
findutils.x86_64                                       1:4.6.0-20.el8_8.1                                         @baseos   
flex.x86_64                                            2.6.1-9.el8                                                @appstream
fontconfig.x86_64                                      2.13.1-4.el8                                               @baseos   
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                         1.44-22.el8                                                @baseos   
freetype.x86_64                                        2.9.1-9.el8                                                @baseos   
fribidi.x86_64                                         1.0.4-9.el8                                                @appstream
gawk.x86_64                                            4.2.1-4.el8                                                @System   
gc.x86_64                                              7.6.4-3.el8                                                @appstream
gcc.x86_64                                             8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream
gcc-c++.x86_64                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                  8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                              8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream
gd.x86_64                                              2.2.5-7.el8                                                @appstream
gdb.x86_64                                             8.2-19.el8                                                 @appstream
gdb-headless.x86_64                                    8.2-19.el8                                                 @appstream
gdbm.x86_64                                            1:1.18-2.el8                                               @System   
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                       1:1.18-2.el8                                               @System   
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                     2.36.12-5.el8                                              @baseos   
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                             2.36.12-5.el8                                              @appstream
gettext.x86_64                                         0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos   
gettext-common-devel.noarch                            0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos   
gettext-devel.x86_64                                   0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                    0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            @baseos   
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1.4.2-7.el8                                                @appstream
git.x86_64                                             2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream
git-core.x86_64                                        2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream
git-core-doc.noarch                                    2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream
glib2.x86_64                                           2.56.4-161.el8                                             @System   
glibc.x86_64                                           2.28-225.el8                                               @System   
glibc-common.x86_64                                    2.28-225.el8                                               @System   
glibc-devel.x86_64                                     2.28-225.el8                                               @baseos   
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               @baseos   
glibc-headers.x86_64                                   2.28-225.el8                                               @baseos   
glibc-minimal-langpack.x86_64                          2.28-225.el8                                               @System   
gmp.x86_64                                             1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             @System   
gnupg2.x86_64                                          2.2.20-3.el8_6                                             @System   
gnutls.x86_64                                          3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             @System   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                  2-17.el8                                                   @appstream
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                         20120715-13.el8                                            @appstream
gpgme.x86_64                                           1.13.1-11.el8                                              @System   
gpm-libs.x86_64                                        1.20.7-17.el8                                              @appstream
graphite2.x86_64                                       1.3.10-10.el8                                              @appstream
graphviz.x86_64                                        2.40.1-44.el8                                              @appstream
grep.x86_64                                            3.1-6.el8                                                  @System   
groff-base.x86_64                                      1.22.3-18.el8                                              @baseos   
grub2-common.noarch                                    1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               @baseos   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                     1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               @baseos   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                             1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               @baseos   
grubby.x86_64                                          8.40-47.el8                                                @baseos   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                           3.22.30-11.el8                                             @appstream
gtk2.x86_64                                            2.24.32-5.el8                                              @appstream
guile.x86_64                                           5:2.0.14-7.el8                                             @appstream
gzip.x86_64                                            1.9-13.el8_5                                               @System   
hardlink.x86_64                                        1:1.3-6.el8                                                @baseos   
harfbuzz.x86_64                                        1.7.5-3.el8                                                @appstream
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                              0.17-2.el8                                                 @appstream
hostname.x86_64                                        3.20-6.el8                                                 @System   
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                   1.3.2-12.el8                                               @System   
info.x86_64                                            6.5-7.el8                                                  @System   
intltool.noarch                                        0.51.0-11.el8                                              @appstream
iputils.x86_64                                         20180629-10.el8                                            @System   
isl.x86_64                                             0.16.1-6.el8                                               @appstream
jasper-libs.x86_64                                     2.0.14-5.el8                                               @appstream
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                     1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      @appstream
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                         5.3.0-2.module+el8.3.0+125+5da1ae29                        @appstream
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                   0.16-1.el8                                                 @appstream
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                    2.1-14.el8                                                 @appstream
jna.x86_64                                             4.5.1-5.el8                                                @appstream
json-c.x86_64                                          0.13.1-3.el8                                               @System   
kbd.x86_64                                             2.0.4-10.el8                                               @baseos   
kbd-legacy.noarch                                      2.0.4-10.el8                                               @baseos   
kbd-misc.noarch                                        2.0.4-10.el8                                               @baseos   
kernel-headers.x86_64                                  4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      @baseos   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.10-9.el8                                               @System   
kmod.x86_64                                            25-19.el8                                                  @baseos   
kmod-libs.x86_64                                       25-19.el8                                                  @System   
kpartx.x86_64                                          0.8.4-37.el8                                               @baseos   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                       1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            @baseos   
langpacks-en.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 @System   
lcms2.x86_64                                           2.9-2.el8                                                  @appstream
less.x86_64                                            530-1.el8                                                  @System   
libICE.x86_64                                          1.0.9-15.el8                                               @appstream
libSM.x86_64                                           1.2.3-1.el8                                                @appstream
libX11.x86_64                                          1.6.8-5.el8                                                @appstream
libX11-common.noarch                                   1.6.8-5.el8                                                @appstream
libXau.x86_64                                          1.0.9-3.el8                                                @appstream
libXaw.x86_64                                          1.0.13-10.el8                                              @appstream
libXcomposite.x86_64                                   0.4.4-14.el8                                               @appstream
libXcursor.x86_64                                      1.1.15-3.el8                                               @appstream
libXdamage.x86_64                                      1.1.4-14.el8                                               @appstream
libXext.x86_64                                         1.3.4-1.el8                                                @appstream
libXfixes.x86_64                                       5.0.3-7.el8                                                @appstream
libXft.x86_64                                          2.3.3-1.el8                                                @appstream
libXi.x86_64                                           1.7.10-1.el8                                               @appstream
libXinerama.x86_64                                     1.1.4-1.el8                                                @appstream
libXmu.x86_64                                          1.1.3-1.el8                                                @appstream
libXpm.x86_64                                          3.5.12-9.el8_7                                             @appstream
libXrandr.x86_64                                       1.5.2-1.el8                                                @appstream
libXrender.x86_64                                      0.9.10-7.el8                                               @appstream
libXt.x86_64                                           1.1.5-12.el8                                               @appstream
libXxf86misc.x86_64                                    1.0.4-1.el8                                                @appstream
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                      1.1.4-9.el8                                                @appstream
libacl.x86_64                                          2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             @System   
libaio.x86_64                                          0.3.112-1.el8                                              @baseos   
libarchive.x86_64                                      3.3.3-5.el8                                                @System   
libassuan.x86_64                                       2.5.1-3.el8                                                @System   
libatomic_ops.x86_64                                   7.6.2-3.el8                                                @appstream
libattr.x86_64                                         2.4.48-3.el8                                               @System   
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                   1.5.4-4.el8                                                @baseos   
libblkid.x86_64                                        2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @System   
libcap.x86_64                                          2.48-5.el8_8                                               @baseos   
libcap-ng.x86_64                                       0.7.11-1.el8                                               @System   
libcom_err.x86_64                                      1.45.6-5.el8                                               @System   
libcomps.x86_64                                        0.1.18-1.el8                                               @System   
libcroco.x86_64                                        0.6.12-4.el8_2.1                                           @baseos   
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                                 7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          @baseos   
libdatrie.x86_64                                       0.2.9-7.el8                                                @appstream
libdb.x86_64                                           5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            @System   
libdb-utils.x86_64                                     5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            @System   
libdnf.x86_64                                          0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            @System   
libedit.x86_64                                         3.1-23.20170329cvs.el8                                     @baseos   
libfdisk.x86_64                                        2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @System   
libffi.x86_64                                          3.1-24.el8                                                 @System   
libfontenc.x86_64                                      1.1.3-8.el8                                                @appstream
libgcc.x86_64                                          8.5.0-18.el8                                               @System   
libgcrypt.x86_64                                       1.8.5-7.el8_6                                              @System   
libgomp.x86_64                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               @baseos   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                    1.31-1.el8                                                 @System   
libgs.x86_64                                           9.27-6.el8                                                 @appstream
libicu.x86_64                                          60.3-2.el8_1                                               @baseos   
libidn.x86_64                                          1.34-5.el8                                                 @appstream
libidn2.x86_64                                         2.2.0-1.el8                                                @System   
libijs.x86_64                                          0.35-5.el8                                                 @appstream
libipt.x86_64                                          1.6.1-8.el8                                                @appstream
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                   1.5.3-12.el8                                               @appstream
libkcapi.x86_64                                        1.2.0-2.el8                                                @baseos   
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                               1.2.0-2.el8                                                @baseos   
libksba.x86_64                                         1.3.5-9.el8_7                                              @System   
libmcpp.x86_64                                         2.7.2-20.el8                                               @appstream
libmodulemd.x86_64                                     2.13.0-1.el8                                               @System   
libmount.x86_64                                        2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @System   
libmpc.x86_64                                          1.1.0-9.1.el8                                              @appstream
libnghttp2.x86_64                                      1.33.0-3.el8_3.1                                           @System   
libnsl2.x86_64                                         1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                             @System   
libpaper.x86_64                                        1.1.24-22.el8                                              @appstream
libpkgconf.x86_64                                      1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos   
libpng.x86_64                                          2:1.6.34-5.el8                                             @baseos   
libpwquality.x86_64                                    1.4.4-6.el8                                                @System   
librepo.x86_64                                         1.14.2-4.el8                                               @System   
libreport-filesystem.x86_64                            2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     @System   
librsvg2.x86_64                                        2.42.7-4.el8                                               @appstream
libseccomp.x86_64                                      2.5.2-1.el8                                                @System   
libselinux.x86_64                                      2.9-8.el8                                                  @System   
libsemanage.x86_64                                     2.9-9.el8_6                                                @System   
libsepol.x86_64                                        2.9-3.el8                                                  @System   
libsigsegv.x86_64                                      2.11-5.el8                                                 @System   
libsmartcols.x86_64                                    2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @System   
libsolv.x86_64                                         0.7.20-4.el8_7                                             @System   
libstdc++.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               @System   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                 8.5.0-18.el8                                               @appstream
libtasn1.x86_64                                        4.13-4.el8_7                                               @System   
libthai.x86_64                                         0.1.27-2.el8                                               @appstream
libtiff.x86_64                                         4.0.9-29.el8_8                                             @appstream
libtirpc.x86_64                                        1.1.4-8.el8                                                @System   
libtool.x86_64                                         2.4.6-25.el8                                               @appstream
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                    2.4.6-25.el8                                               @baseos   
libunistring.x86_64                                    0.9.9-3.el8                                                @System   
libusbx.x86_64                                         1.0.23-4.el8                                               @System   
libutempter.x86_64                                     1.1.6-14.el8                                               @System   
libuuid.x86_64                                         2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @System   
libverto.x86_64                                        0.3.2-2.el8                                                @System   
libwebp.x86_64                                         1.0.0-8.el8_8.1                                            @appstream
libxcb.x86_64                                          1.13.1-1.el8                                               @appstream
libxcrypt.x86_64                                       4.1.1-6.el8                                                @System   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                 4.1.1-6.el8                                                @baseos   
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                    0.9.1-1.el8                                                @appstream
libxml2.x86_64                                         2.9.7-16.el8_8.1                                           @baseos   
libxslt.x86_64                                         1.1.32-6.el8                                               @baseos   
libyaml.x86_64                                         0.1.7-5.el8                                                @System   
libzstd.x86_64                                         1.4.4-1.el8                                                @System   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                   1.4.4-1.el8                                                @baseos   
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                    1.0.18-3.el8                                               @baseos   
ltrace.x86_64                                          0.7.91-28.el8                                              @appstream
lua.x86_64                                             5.3.4-12.el8                                               @appstream
lua-libs.x86_64                                        5.3.4-12.el8                                               @System   
lz4-libs.x86_64                                        1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              @System   
m4.x86_64                                              1.4.18-7.el8                                               @baseos   
make.x86_64                                            1:4.2.1-11.el8                                             @baseos   
mcpp.x86_64                                            2.7.2-20.el8                                               @appstream
memstrack.x86_64                                       0.2.4-2.el8                                                @baseos   
mokutil.x86_64                                         1:0.3.0-12.el8                                             @baseos   
mpfr.x86_64                                            3.1.6-1.el8                                                @System   
ncurses.x86_64                                         6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     @baseos   
ncurses-base.noarch                                    6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     @baseos   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                    6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     @baseos   
nettle.x86_64                                          3.4.1-7.el8                                                @System   
npth.x86_64                                            1.5-4.el8                                                  @System   
nspr.x86_64                                            4.35.0-1.el8_8                                             @appstream
nss.x86_64                                             3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             @appstream
nss-softokn.x86_64                                     3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             @appstream
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                              3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             @appstream
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                     3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             @appstream
nss-tools.x86_64                                       3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             @appstream
nss-util.x86_64                                        3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             @appstream
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-4.el8                                                    @appstream
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                            2-2.el8                                                    @appstream
openjpeg2.x86_64                                       2.4.0-5.el8                                                @appstream
openldap.x86_64                                        2.4.46-18.el8                                              @System   
openssh.x86_64                                         8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             @baseos   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                 8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             @baseos   
openssl.x86_64                                         1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           @baseos   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           @System   
os-prober.x86_64                                       1.74-9.el8                                                 @baseos   
p11-kit.x86_64                                         0.23.22-1.el8                                              @System   
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                   0.23.22-1.el8                                              @System   
pam.x86_64                                             1.3.1-25.el8                                               @System   
pango.x86_64                                           1.42.4-8.el8                                               @appstream
patch.x86_64                                           2.7.6-11.el8                                               @baseos   
patchutils.x86_64                                      0.3.4-10.el8                                               @appstream
pcre.x86_64                                            8.42-6.el8                                                 @System   
pcre2.x86_64                                           10.32-3.el8_6                                              @System   
perl-Carp.noarch                                       1.42-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                2.167-399.el8                                              @baseos   
perl-Digest.noarch                                     1.17-395.el8                                               @appstream
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                 2.55-396.el8                                               @appstream
perl-Encode.x86_64                                     4:2.97-3.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Errno.x86_64                                      1.28-422.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Error.noarch                                      1:0.17025-2.el8                                            @appstream
perl-Exporter.noarch                                   5.72-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                                 0.001-9.el8                                                @appstream
perl-File-Path.noarch                                  2.15-2.el8                                                 @baseos   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                  0.230.600-1.el8                                            @baseos   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                1:2.50-4.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Git.noarch                                        2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             @appstream
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                  0.074-1.el8                                                @baseos   
perl-IO.x86_64                                         1.38-422.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                               0.39-5.el8                                                 @appstream
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                              2.066-4.module+el8.6.0+957+15d660ad                        @appstream
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                3.15-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                 20160104-7.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                     @appstream
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                 1.88-2.module+el8.6.0+957+15d660ad                         @appstream
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                  3.74-1.el8                                                 @baseos   
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                1:1.07-395.el8                                             @baseos   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                3.28-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                 1:3.35-395.el8                                             @baseos   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                  4:1.69-395.el8                                             @baseos   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                          3:1.49-2.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                     4:2.027-3.el8                                              @baseos   
perl-Storable.x86_64                                   1:3.11-3.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                 0.35-397.el8                                               @appstream
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                             4.06-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                   1.17-395.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                2.37-7.el8                                                 @appstream
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                            3.30-395.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                             2013.0523-395.el8                                          @baseos   
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                               3.13-1.el8                                                 @appstream
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                 1:1.280-1.el8                                              @baseos   
perl-URI.noarch                                        1.73-3.el8                                                 @appstream
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                          1.25-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                 2.44-11.el8                                                @appstream
perl-constant.noarch                                   1.33-396.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-generators.noarch                                 1.10-9.el8                                                 @appstream
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @baseos   
perl-libnet.noarch                                     3.11-3.el8                                                 @appstream
perl-libs.x86_64                                       4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @baseos   
perl-macros.x86_64                                     4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           @baseos   
perl-parent.noarch                                     1:0.237-1.el8                                              @baseos   
perl-podlators.noarch                                  4.11-1.el8                                                 @baseos   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                1-25.el8                                                   @appstream
perl-threads.x86_64                                    1:2.21-2.el8                                               @baseos   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                             1.58-2.el8                                                 @baseos   
pesign.x86_64                                          0.112-27.el8_7                                             @appstream
pigz.x86_64                                            2.4-4.el8                                                  @baseos   
pixman.x86_64                                          0.38.4-2.el8                                               @appstream
pkgconf.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos   
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                      1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos   
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                              1.4.2-1.el8                                                @baseos   
platform-python.x86_64                                 3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @baseos   
platform-python-pip.noarch                             9.0.3-22.el8.rocky.0                                       @baseos   
platform-python-setuptools.noarch                      39.2.0-7.el8                                               @System   
popt.x86_64                                            1.18-1.el8                                                 @System   
procps-ng.x86_64                                       3.3.15-13.el8                                              @baseos   
python-rpm-macros.noarch                               3-45.el8                                                   @appstream
python-srpm-macros.noarch                              3-45.el8                                                   @appstream
python3-dateutil.noarch                                1:2.6.1-6.el8                                              @baseos   
python3-dbus.x86_64                                    1.2.4-15.el8                                               @baseos   
python3-dnf.noarch                                     4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @System   
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                        4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            @baseos   
python3-gpg.x86_64                                     1.13.1-11.el8                                              @System   
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                  0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            @System   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                0.1.18-1.el8                                               @System   
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                  0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            @System   
python3-libs.x86_64                                    3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   @baseos   
python3-pip-wheel.noarch                               9.0.3-22.el8.rocky.0                                       @System   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                     4.14.3-26.el8                                              @System   
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                              3-45.el8                                                   @appstream
python3-setuptools-wheel.noarch                        39.2.0-7.el8                                               @System   
python3-six.noarch                                     1.11.0-8.el8                                               @baseos   
python3-systemd.x86_64                                 234-8.el8                                                  @baseos   
qemu-img.x86_64                                        15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   @appstream
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               @appstream
readline.x86_64                                        7.0-10.el8                                                 @System   
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                               131-1.el8                                                  @appstream
rocky-gpg-keys.noarch                                  8.8-1.8.el8                                                @baseos   
rocky-release.noarch                                   8.8-1.8.el8                                                @baseos   
rocky-repos.noarch                                     8.8-1.8.el8                                                @baseos   
rootfiles.noarch                                       8.1-22.el8                                                 @System   
rpm.x86_64                                             4.14.3-26.el8                                              @System   
rpm-build.x86_64                                       4.14.3-26.el8                                              @appstream
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                  4.14.3-26.el8                                              @System   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                        4.14.3-26.el8                                              @System   
rpm-sign.x86_64                                        4.14.3-26.el8                                              @baseos   
rsync.x86_64                                           3.1.3-19.el8_7.1                                           @baseos   
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                5-2.el8                                                    @appstream
sed.x86_64                                             4.5-5.el8                                                  @System   
setup.noarch                                           2.12.2-9.el8                                               @System   
sgml-common.noarch                                     0.6.3-50.el8                                               @baseos   
shadow-utils.x86_64                                    2:4.6-17.el8                                               @System   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                1.9-3.el8                                                  @baseos   
source-highlight.x86_64                                3.1.8-17.el8                                               @appstream
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                     3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            @baseos   
strace.x86_64                                          5.18-2.el8                                                 @baseos   
sudo.x86_64                                            1.8.29-10.el8                                              @baseos   
systemd.x86_64                                         239-74.el8_8.5                                             @baseos   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                    239-74.el8_8.5                                             @baseos   
systemd-pam.x86_64                                     239-74.el8_8.5                                             @baseos   
systemd-udev.x86_64                                    239-74.el8_8.5                                             @baseos   
systemtap.x86_64                                       4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream
systemtap-client.x86_64                                4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                 4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                               4.8-2.el8                                                  @appstream
tar.x86_64                                             2:1.30-9.el8                                               @System   
tbb.x86_64                                             2018.2-9.el8                                               @appstream
tcl.x86_64                                             1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              @baseos   
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                        2.3.2-4.el8                                                @System   
tzdata.noarch                                          2023c-1.el8                                                @System   
tzdata-java.noarch                                     2023c-1.el8                                                @appstream
unzip.x86_64                                           6.0-46.el8                                                 @baseos   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                        20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                           20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                 20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                   20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                    20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                           20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch            20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                           20170801-10.el8                                            @appstream
util-linux.x86_64                                      2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            @System   
valgrind.x86_64                                        1:3.19.0-1.el8                                             @appstream
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                  1:3.19.0-1.el8                                             @appstream
vim-common.x86_64                                      2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                    2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream
vim-filesystem.noarch                                  2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @appstream
vim-minimal.x86_64                                     2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      @System   
which.x86_64                                           2.21-18.el8                                                @baseos   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                2.28-1.el8                                                 @appstream
xml-common.noarch                                      0.6.3-50.el8                                               @baseos   
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                             1:7.5-41.el8                                               @appstream
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                 7.5-19.el8                                                 @appstream
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                           7.7-27.el8                                                 @appstream
xz.x86_64                                              5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              @baseos   
xz-devel.x86_64                                        5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              @baseos   
xz-libs.x86_64                                         5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              @System   
yum.noarch                                             4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             @System   
zip.x86_64                                             3.0-23.el8                                                 @baseos   
zlib.x86_64                                            1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            @System   
zlib-devel.x86_64                                      1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            @baseos   
zstd.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.el8                                                @appstream
Available Packages
CUnit.i686                                             2.1.3-17.el8                                               appstream 
CUnit.x86_64                                           2.1.3-17.el8                                               appstream 
GConf2.i686                                            3.2.6-22.el8                                               appstream 
GConf2.x86_64                                          3.2.6-22.el8                                               appstream 
HdrHistogram.noarch                                    2.1.11-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                       appstream 
HdrHistogram-javadoc.noarch                            2.1.11-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                       appstream 
HdrHistogram_c.i686                                    0.9.13-2.el8                                               appstream 
HdrHistogram_c.x86_64                                  0.9.13-2.el8                                               appstream 
Judy.x86_64                                            1.0.5-18.module+el8.4.0+427+adf35707                       appstream 
LibRaw.i686                                            0.19.5-3.el8                                               appstream 
LibRaw.x86_64                                          0.19.5-3.el8                                               appstream 
ModemManager.x86_64                                    1.20.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
ModemManager-glib.i686                                 1.20.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                               1.20.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
NetworkManager.x86_64                                  1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                             1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                        1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-cloud-setup.x86_64                      1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          appstream 
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-redhat.noarch       1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch                    1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-dispatcher-routing-rules.noarch         1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-initscripts-updown.noarch               1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                              1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                            1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                        1.2.10-4.el8                                               appstream 
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64                  1.2.10-4.el8                                               appstream 
NetworkManager-ovs.x86_64                              1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                              1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                             1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                              1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                             1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                             1:1.40.16-4.el8_8                                          baseos    
OpenEXR-libs.i686                                      2.2.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
OpenIPMI.i686                                          2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
OpenIPMI.x86_64                                        2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
OpenIPMI-lanserv.i686                                  2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
OpenIPMI-lanserv.x86_64                                2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
OpenIPMI-libs.i686                                     2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
OpenIPMI-libs.x86_64                                   2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
OpenIPMI-perl.x86_64                                   2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
PackageKit.x86_64                                      1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                    1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-cron.x86_64                                 1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-glib.i686                                   1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                 1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                     1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.i686                            1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                          1.1.12-6.el8.0.2                                           appstream 
SDL.i686                                               1.2.15-39.el8                                              appstream 
SDL.x86_64                                             1.2.15-39.el8                                              appstream 
SDL-devel.i686                                         1.2.15-39.el8                                              appstream 
SDL-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.15-39.el8                                              appstream 
WALinuxAgent.noarch                                    2.7.0.6-8.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  appstream 
WALinuxAgent-udev.noarch                               2.7.0.6-8.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  appstream 
Xaw3d.i686                                             1.6.2-14.el8                                               appstream 
Xaw3d.x86_64                                           1.6.2-14.el8                                               appstream 
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                         3.001-2.el8                                                baseos    
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                    2:1.5.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     appstream 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                         0.0.25-6.el8                                               appstream 
abrt.x86_64                                            2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                 2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.x86_64                      2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                           2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                           2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                               2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                 2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-cli.x86_64                                        2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-cli-ng.x86_64                                     2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-console-notification.x86_64                       2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                       2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                    2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-gui.x86_64                                        2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-gui-libs.i686                                     2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                   2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                             1.1.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
abrt-libs.i686                                         2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-libs.x86_64                                       2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-plugin-machine-id.x86_64                          2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-plugin-sosreport.x86_64                           2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
abrt-tui.x86_64                                        2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
accel-config.i686                                      3.5.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
accel-config.x86_64                                    3.5.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
accel-config-libs.i686                                 3.5.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
accel-config-libs.x86_64                               3.5.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
accountsservice.x86_64                                 0.6.55-4.el8                                               appstream 
accountsservice-libs.i686                              0.6.55-4.el8                                               appstream 
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                            0.6.55-4.el8                                               appstream 
acpica-tools.x86_64                                    20180629-5.el8                                             baseos    
acpid.x86_64                                           2.0.30-2.el8                                               appstream 
adcli.x86_64                                           0.9.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
adcli-doc.noarch                                       0.9.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                            3.28.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.i686                                3.22.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                              3.22.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                              3.28.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
adwaita-qt5.i686                                       1.2.1-4.el8                                                appstream 
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                     1.2.1-4.el8                                                appstream 
aide.x86_64                                            0.16-14.el8_5.1                                            appstream 
alsa-firmware.noarch                                   1.0.29-6.el8                                               appstream 
alsa-lib.i686                                          1.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-lib.x86_64                                        1.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-lib-devel.i686                                    1.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.i686                              1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.x86_64                            1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.i686                                1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.x86_64                              1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-oss.i686                                  1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-oss.x86_64                                1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.i686                           1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                         1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.i686                           1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.x86_64                         1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-speex.i686                                1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-speex.x86_64                              1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.i686                                1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.x86_64                              1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.i686                            1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.x86_64                          1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.i686                             1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.x86_64                           1.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                               2.2.4-2.el8                                                baseos    
alsa-sof-firmware-debug.noarch                         2.2.4-2.el8                                                baseos    
alsa-tools-firmware.x86_64                             1.1.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-ucm.noarch                                        1.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-utils.x86_64                                      1.2.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
alsa-utils-alsabat.x86_64                              1.2.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
amanda.x86_64                                          3.5.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
amanda-client.x86_64                                   3.5.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
amanda-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
amanda-server.x86_64                                   3.5.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
anaconda.x86_64                                        33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-core.x86_64                                   33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-dracut.x86_64                                 33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                    33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                       33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-live.x86_64                                   33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                extras    
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                    33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-user-help.noarch                              1:8.8.3-1.el8.rocky.0.3                                    appstream 
anaconda-widgets.i686                                  33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                33.16.8.9-1.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                appstream 
annobin-annocheck.i686                                 10.94-1.el8                                                appstream 
annobin-annocheck.x86_64                               10.94-1.el8                                                appstream 
ansible-collection-microsoft-sql.noarch                1.3.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
ansible-collection-redhat-rhel_mgmt.noarch             1.1.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
ansible-core.x86_64                                    2.14.2-4.el8_8                                             appstream 
ansible-freeipa.noarch                                 1.9.2-3.el8_8                                              appstream 
ansible-freeipa-tests.noarch                           1.9.2-3.el8_8                                              appstream 
ansible-pcp.noarch                                     2.2.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
ansible-test.x86_64                                    2.14.2-4.el8_8                                             appstream 
ant.noarch                                             1.10.5-1.module+el8.3.0+255+2b2dd360                       appstream 
ant-lib.noarch                                         1.10.5-1.module+el8.3.0+255+2b2dd360                       appstream 
aopalliance.noarch                                     1.0-17.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
apache-commons-cli.noarch                              1.4-4.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                          appstream 
apache-commons-codec.noarch                            1.11-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
apache-commons-io.noarch                               1:2.6-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                            3.7-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                          appstream 
apache-commons-logging.noarch                          1.2-13.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                         appstream 
apcu-panel.noarch                                      5.1.12-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
appstream-data.noarch                                  8-20200724.el8                                             appstream 
apr.i686                                               1.6.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
apr.x86_64                                             1.6.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
apr-devel.i686                                         1.6.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
apr-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
apr-util.i686                                          1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util.x86_64                                        1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-bdb.i686                                      1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                    1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-devel.i686                                    1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-devel.x86_64                                  1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-ldap.x86_64                                   1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-mysql.x86_64                                  1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-odbc.x86_64                                   1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-openssl.i686                                  1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-pgsql.x86_64                                  1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
apr-util-sqlite.x86_64                                 1.6.1-6.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
arpwatch.x86_64                                        14:2.1a15-44.el8                                           baseos    
aspell.i686                                            12:0.60.6.1-22.el8                                         appstream 
aspell.x86_64                                          12:0.60.6.1-22.el8                                         appstream 
aspell-en.x86_64                                       50:2017.08.24-2.el8                                        appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-3.0.x86_64                          3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-3.1.x86_64                          3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-5.0.x86_64                          5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-6.0.x86_64                          6.0.22-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-3.0.x86_64                   3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-3.1.x86_64                   3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-5.0.x86_64                   5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                   6.0.22-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                   7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
at.x86_64                                              3.1.20-12.el8                                              baseos    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                       2.26.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                     2.26.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.i686                                 2.26.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                               2.26.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-core.i686                                      2.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                    2.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-core-devel.i686                                2.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                              2.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
atinject.noarch                                        1-28.20100611svn86.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3             appstream 
atk.i686                                               2.28.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
atk-devel.i686                                         2.28.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
atk-devel.x86_64                                       2.28.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
atkmm.i686                                             2.24.2-7.el8                                               appstream 
atkmm.x86_64                                           2.24.2-7.el8                                               appstream 
atlas.i686                                             3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             baseos    
atlas.x86_64                                           3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             baseos    
atlas-corei2.x86_64                                    3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             baseos    
atlas-corei2-devel.x86_64                              3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             baseos    
atlas-devel.i686                                       3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             baseos    
atlas-devel.x86_64                                     3.10.3-8.el8.1                                             baseos    
attr.x86_64                                            2.4.48-3.el8                                               baseos    
audispd-plugins.x86_64                                 3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
audispd-plugins-zos.x86_64                             3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
audit.x86_64                                           3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
audit-libs.i686                                        3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
audit-libs-devel.i686                                  3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
audit-libs-devel.x86_64                                3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
augeas.x86_64                                          1.12.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
augeas-libs.i686                                       1.12.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
augeas-libs.x86_64                                     1.12.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
authd.x86_64                                           1.4.4-5.el8_0.1                                            appstream 
authselect.x86_64                                      1.2.6-1.el8                                                baseos    
authselect-compat.x86_64                               1.2.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
authselect-libs.i686                                   1.2.6-1.el8                                                baseos    
authselect-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.6-1.el8                                                baseos    
autocorr-af.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-bg.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-ca.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-cs.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-da.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-de.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-en.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-es.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-fa.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-fi.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-fr.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-ga.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-hr.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-hu.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-is.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-it.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-ja.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-ko.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-lb.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-lt.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-mn.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-nl.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-pl.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-pt.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-ro.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-ru.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-sk.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-sl.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-sr.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-sv.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-tr.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-vi.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autocorr-zh.noarch                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
autofs.x86_64                                          1:5.1.4-102.el8_8.2                                        baseos    
autogen-libopts.i686                                   5.18.12-8.el8.1                                            appstream 
autogen-libopts.x86_64                                 5.18.12-8.el8.1                                            appstream 
avahi.i686                                             0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi.x86_64                                           0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-autoipd.x86_64                                   0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-glib.i686                                        0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-glib.x86_64                                      0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-gobject.i686                                     0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                   0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-libs.i686                                        0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
avahi-ui-gtk3.i686                                     0.7-20.el8                                                 appstream 
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                   0.7-20.el8                                                 appstream 
babel.noarch                                           2.5.1-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
babl.i686                                              0.1.52-1.el8                                               appstream 
babl.x86_64                                            0.1.52-1.el8                                               appstream 
bacula-client.x86_64                                   9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-common.x86_64                                   9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-console.x86_64                                  9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-director.x86_64                                 9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-libs.x86_64                                     9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-libs-sql.x86_64                                 9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-logwatch.noarch                                 9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
bacula-storage.x86_64                                  9.0.6-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
baobab.x86_64                                          3.28.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
bash-completion.noarch                                 1:2.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
bash-doc.x86_64                                        4.4.20-4.el8_6                                             baseos    
bc.x86_64                                              1.07.1-5.el8                                               baseos    
bcc.x86_64                                             0.25.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
bcc-tools.x86_64                                       0.25.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
bind.x86_64                                            32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-chroot.x86_64                                     32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-devel.i686                                        32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-devel.x86_64                                      32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-export-devel.i686                                 32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       baseos    
bind-export-devel.x86_64                               32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       baseos    
bind-export-libs.i686                                  32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       baseos    
bind-export-libs.x86_64                                32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       baseos    
bind-libs.i686                                         32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-libs.x86_64                                       32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-libs-lite.i686                                    32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                                  32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-license.noarch                                    32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-lite-devel.i686                                   32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-lite-devel.x86_64                                 32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-pkcs11.x86_64                                     32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-pkcs11-devel.i686                                 32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-pkcs11-devel.x86_64                               32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-pkcs11-libs.i686                                  32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-pkcs11-libs.x86_64                                32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-pkcs11-utils.x86_64                               32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-sdb.x86_64                                        32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-sdb-chroot.x86_64                                 32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind-utils.x86_64                                      32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
bind9.16.x86_64                                        32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
bind9.16-chroot.x86_64                                 32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
bind9.16-dnssec-utils.x86_64                           32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
bind9.16-libs.x86_64                                   32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
bind9.16-license.noarch                                32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
bind9.16-utils.x86_64                                  32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
binutils-devel.i686                                    2.30-119.el8                                               appstream 
binutils-devel.x86_64                                  2.30-119.el8                                               appstream 
biosdevname.x86_64                                     0.7.3-2.el8                                                baseos    
bison-runtime.x86_64                                   3.0.4-10.el8                                               appstream 
bitmap-console-fonts.noarch                            0.3-28.el8                                                 appstream 
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                         0.3-28.el8                                                 appstream 
bitmap-fixed-fonts.noarch                              0.3-28.el8                                                 appstream 
bitmap-fonts-compat.noarch                             0.3-28.el8                                                 appstream 
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-fonts.noarch                  0.3-28.el8                                                 appstream 
blas.i686                                              3.8.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
blas.x86_64                                            3.8.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
blas64.x86_64                                          3.8.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
blivet-data.noarch                                     1:3.6.0-4.el8                                              appstream 
blktrace.x86_64                                        1.2.0-10.el8                                               baseos    
bluez.x86_64                                           5.63-1.el8                                                 baseos    
bluez-cups.x86_64                                      5.63-1.el8                                                 appstream 
bluez-hid2hci.x86_64                                   5.63-1.el8                                                 baseos    
bluez-libs.i686                                        5.63-1.el8                                                 baseos    
bluez-libs.x86_64                                      5.63-1.el8                                                 baseos    
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                     5.63-1.el8                                                 baseos    
bogofilter.x86_64                                      1.2.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
bolt.x86_64                                            0.9.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
boom-boot.noarch                                       1.3-2.el8                                                  baseos    
boom-boot-conf.noarch                                  1.3-2.el8                                                  baseos    
boom-boot-grub2.noarch                                 1.3-2.el8                                                  baseos    
boost.i686                                             1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost.x86_64                                           1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-atomic.i686                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-chrono.i686                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-container.i686                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-container.x86_64                                 1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-context.i686                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-context.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-coroutine.i686                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-coroutine.x86_64                                 1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-date-time.i686                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-devel.i686                                       1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-devel.x86_64                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-fiber.i686                                       1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-fiber.x86_64                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-filesystem.i686                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-graph.i686                                       1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-graph.x86_64                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-iostreams.i686                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                 1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-locale.i686                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-locale.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-log.i686                                         1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-log.x86_64                                       1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-math.i686                                        1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-math.x86_64                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-program-options.i686                             1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-program-options.x86_64                           1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-random.i686                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-random.x86_64                                    1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-regex.i686                                       1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-serialization.i686                               1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-serialization.x86_64                             1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-signals.i686                                     1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-signals.x86_64                                   1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-stacktrace.i686                                  1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                                1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-system.i686                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-test.i686                                        1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-test.x86_64                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-thread.i686                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-timer.i686                                       1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-type_erasure.i686                                1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                              1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-wave.i686                                        1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
boost-wave.x86_64                                      1.66.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
bpftool.x86_64                                         4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
bpftrace.x86_64                                        0.16.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-algeti-fonts.noarch                                2.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-chveulebrivi-fonts.noarch                          3.002-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-classic-fonts.noarch                               8.500-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-courier-fonts.noarch                               4.002-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-courier-s-fonts.noarch                             4.000-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-dedaena-block-fonts.noarch                         3.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                           2.28-11.el8                                                appstream 
bpg-elite-fonts.noarch                                 3.000-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-excelsior-caps-fonts.noarch                        2.003-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-excelsior-condenced-fonts.noarch                   2.003-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-excelsior-fonts.noarch                             2.03-11.el8                                                appstream 
bpg-fonts-common.noarch                                20120413-11.el8                                            appstream 
bpg-glaho-fonts.noarch                                 9.000-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-gorda-fonts.noarch                                 2.003-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-ingiri-fonts.noarch                                4.000-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-irubaqidze-fonts.noarch                            1.000-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-mikhail-stephan-fonts.noarch                       2.500-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-caps-fonts.noarch                       1.002-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-fonts.noarch                            1.002-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-nateli-caps-fonts.noarch                           2.003-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-nateli-condenced-fonts.noarch                      2.003-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-nateli-fonts.noarch                                2.003-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-nino-medium-cond-fonts.noarch                      4.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-nino-medium-fonts.noarch                           4.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-sans-fonts.noarch                                  1.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-sans-medium-fonts.noarch                           1.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-sans-modern-fonts.noarch                           2.025-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-sans-regular-fonts.noarch                          1.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-serif-fonts.noarch                                 1.005-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-serif-modern-fonts.noarch                          2.028-11.el8                                               appstream 
bpg-ucnobi-fonts.noarch                                3.300-11.el8                                               appstream 
brasero.x86_64                                         3.12.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
brasero-libs.i686                                      3.12.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
brasero-libs.x86_64                                    3.12.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
brasero-nautilus.x86_64                                3.12.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
brlapi.i686                                            0.6.7-32.el8                                               appstream 
brlapi.x86_64                                          0.6.7-32.el8                                               appstream 
brlapi-java.x86_64                                     0.6.7-32.el8                                               appstream 
brltty.i686                                            5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brltty.x86_64                                          5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brltty-at-spi2.x86_64                                  5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brltty-docs.noarch                                     5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brltty-dracut.x86_64                                   5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brltty-espeak-ng.x86_64                                5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brltty-xw.x86_64                                       5.6-32.el8                                                 appstream 
brotli.i686                                            1.0.6-3.el8                                                baseos    
brotli.x86_64                                          1.0.6-3.el8                                                baseos    
brotli-devel.i686                                      1.0.6-3.el8                                                appstream 
brotli-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.6-3.el8                                                appstream 
bsdtar.x86_64                                          3.3.3-5.el8                                                baseos    
bubblewrap.x86_64                                      0.4.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
buildah.x86_64                                         1:1.29.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                    appstream 
buildah-tests.x86_64                                   1:1.29.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                    appstream 
byteman.noarch                                         4.0.4-2.el8                                                appstream 
byteman-javadoc.noarch                                 4.0.4-2.el8                                                appstream 
bzip2-devel.i686                                       1.0.6-26.el8                                               baseos    
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.6-26.el8                                               baseos    
bzip2-libs.i686                                        1.0.6-26.el8                                               baseos    
c-ares.i686                                            1.13.0-6.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
c-ares.x86_64                                          1.13.0-6.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
c-ares-devel.i686                                      1.13.0-6.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
c-ares-devel.x86_64                                    1.13.0-6.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
c2esp.x86_64                                           2.7-14.el8                                                 appstream 
cachefilesd.x86_64                                     0.10.10-4.el8                                              baseos    
cairo.i686                                             1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairo-devel.i686                                       1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairo-devel.x86_64                                     1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairo-gobject.i686                                     1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                   1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairo-gobject-devel.i686                               1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                             1.15.12-6.el8                                              appstream 
cairomm.i686                                           1.12.0-8.el8                                               appstream 
cairomm.x86_64                                         1.12.0-8.el8                                               appstream 
cargo.x86_64                                           1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
cdi-api.noarch                                         1.2-8.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                          appstream 
cdparanoia.x86_64                                      10.2-27.el8                                                appstream 
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                   10.2-27.el8                                                appstream 
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                 10.2-27.el8                                                appstream 
cdrdao.x86_64                                          1.2.3-32.el8                                               appstream 
celt051.i686                                           0.5.1.3-15.el8                                             appstream 
celt051.x86_64                                         0.5.1.3-15.el8                                             appstream 
centos-release-advanced-virtualization.noarch          1.0-4.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-ansible-29.noarch                       1-2.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-ceph-nautilus.noarch                    1.3-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-ceph-octopus.noarch                     1.1-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-ceph-pacific.noarch                     1.0-2.el8.0.1                                              extras    
centos-release-ceph-quincy.noarch                      1.0-3.el8.0.1                                              extras    
centos-release-ceph-reef.noarch                        1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-configmanagement.noarch                 1-1.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-gluster10.noarch                        1.0-1.el8.0.1                                              extras    
centos-release-gluster6.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-gluster7.noarch                         1.0-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-gluster8.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-gluster9.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-kmods.noarch                            1-5.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-messaging.noarch                        1-3.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-nfs-ganesha28.noarch                    1.0-3.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-nfs-ganesha30.noarch                    1.0-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-nfs-ganesha4.noarch                     1.0-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-nfs-ganesha5.noarch                     1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-nfv-common.noarch                       1-3.el8.1                                                  extras    
centos-release-nfv-extras.noarch                       1-3.el8.1                                                  extras    
centos-release-nfv-openvswitch.noarch                  1-3.el8.1                                                  extras    
centos-release-openstack-train.noarch                  2-1.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-openstack-ussuri.noarch                 1-5.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-openstack-victoria.noarch               1-2.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-openstack-wallaby.noarch                1-1.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-openstack-xena.noarch                   1-1.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-openstack-yoga.noarch                   1-1.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-opstools.noarch                         1-10.el8                                                   extras    
centos-release-ovirt44.noarch                          1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-ovirt45.noarch                          8.9-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-qpid-proton.noarch                      1-3.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-rabbitmq-38.noarch                      1-3.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-samba411.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba412.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba413.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba414.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba415.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba416.noarch                         1.0-1.1.el8                                                extras    
centos-release-samba417.noarch                         1.0-1.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba418.noarch                         1.0-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-samba419.noarch                         1.0-2.el8                                                  extras    
centos-release-storage-common.noarch                   2-2.el8                                                    extras    
centos-release-virt-common.noarch                      1-2.el8                                                    extras    
certmonger.x86_64                                      0.79.17-2.el8                                              appstream 
cgdcbxd.x86_64                                         1.0.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
chan.i686                                              0.0.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
chan.x86_64                                            0.0.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
check.i686                                             0.12.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
check.x86_64                                           0.12.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
check-devel.i686                                       0.12.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
check-devel.x86_64                                     0.12.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
checkpolicy.x86_64                                     2.9-1.el8                                                  baseos    
cheese.x86_64                                          2:3.28.0-4.el8_6                                           appstream 
cheese-libs.i686                                       2:3.28.0-4.el8_6                                           appstream 
cheese-libs.x86_64                                     2:3.28.0-4.el8_6                                           appstream 
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                              10.1-7.el8                                                 appstream 
chrony.x86_64                                          4.2-1.el8.rocky.1.0                                        baseos    
chrpath.x86_64                                         0.16-7.el8                                                 baseos    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                      7.0-1.el8                                                  baseos    
cim-schema.noarch                                      2.43.0-8.el8                                               appstream 
cjose.x86_64                                           0.6.1-3.module+el8.8.0+1406+4a7f5371                       appstream 
cjose-devel.x86_64                                     0.6.1-3.module+el8.8.0+1406+4a7f5371                       appstream 
clang.i686                                             15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang.x86_64                                           15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-analyzer.noarch                                  15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-devel.i686                                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-devel.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-libs.i686                                        15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-libs.x86_64                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-resource-filesystem.i686                         15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-tools-extra.i686                                 15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                               15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                           39-2.el8                                                   appstream 
clevis.x86_64                                          15-14.el8                                                  appstream 
clevis-dracut.x86_64                                   15-14.el8                                                  appstream 
clevis-luks.x86_64                                     15-14.el8                                                  appstream 
clevis-systemd.x86_64                                  15-14.el8                                                  appstream 
clevis-udisks2.x86_64                                  15-14.el8                                                  appstream 
clippy.x86_64                                          1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
cloud-init.noarch                                      22.1-8.el8_8.1.0.1                                         appstream 
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch                            0.33-0.el8                                                 appstream 
clucene-contribs-lib.i686                              2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                         appstream 
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                            2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                         appstream 
clucene-core.i686                                      2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                         appstream 
clucene-core.x86_64                                    2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                         appstream 
clutter.i686                                           1.26.2-8.el8                                               appstream 
clutter.x86_64                                         1.26.2-8.el8                                               appstream 
clutter-gst2.i686                                      2.0.18-5.el8                                               appstream 
clutter-gst2.x86_64                                    2.0.18-5.el8                                               appstream 
clutter-gst3.i686                                      3.0.26-1.el8                                               appstream 
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                    3.0.26-1.el8                                               appstream 
clutter-gtk.i686                                       1.8.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                     1.8.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
cmake.x86_64                                           3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cmake-data.noarch                                      3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cmake-doc.noarch                                       3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cmake-filesystem.i686                                  3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cmake-gui.x86_64                                       3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                                3.20.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
cockpit.x86_64                                         286.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                  286.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
cockpit-composer.noarch                                45-1.el8_8                                                 appstream 
cockpit-doc.noarch                                     286.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
cockpit-machines.noarch                                286.2-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                              286.2-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
cockpit-pcp.x86_64                                     286.2-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
cockpit-podman.noarch                                  63.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                        appstream 
cockpit-session-recording.noarch                       12-1.el8                                                   appstream 
cockpit-storaged.noarch                                286.2-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
cockpit-system.noarch                                  286.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                      286.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
cogl.i686                                              1.22.2-10.el8                                              appstream 
cogl.x86_64                                            1.22.2-10.el8                                              appstream 
color-filesystem.noarch                                1-20.el8                                                   appstream 
colord.x86_64                                          1.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
colord-gtk.i686                                        0.1.26-8.el8                                               appstream 
colord-gtk.x86_64                                      0.1.26-8.el8                                               appstream 
colord-libs.i686                                       1.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
colord-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
compat-exiv2-026.i686                                  0.26-7.el8                                                 appstream 
compat-exiv2-026.x86_64                                0.26-7.el8                                                 appstream 
compat-hwloc1.i686                                     2.2.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
compat-hwloc1.x86_64                                   2.2.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
compat-libgfortran-48.i686                             4.8.5-36.1.el8                                             appstream 
compat-libgfortran-48.x86_64                           4.8.5-36.1.el8                                             appstream 
compat-libpthread-nonshared.x86_64                     2.28-225.el8                                               appstream 
compat-libtiff3.i686                                   3.9.4-13.el8                                               appstream 
compat-libtiff3.x86_64                                 3.9.4-13.el8                                               appstream 
compat-openssl10.i686                                  1:1.0.2o-4.el8_6                                           appstream 
compat-openssl10.x86_64                                1:1.0.2o-4.el8_6                                           appstream 
compiler-rt.i686                                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
compiler-rt.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
composer-cli.x86_64                                    28.14.70-1.el8                                             appstream 
conmon.x86_64                                          3:2.1.6-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     appstream 
conntrack-tools.x86_64                                 1.4.4-11.el8                                               baseos    
container-exception-logger.x86_64                      1.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
container-selinux.noarch                               2:2.205.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                   appstream 
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                     1:1.2.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     appstream 
containers-common.x86_64                               2:1-64.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                        appstream 
convmv.noarch                                          2.01-3.el8                                                 appstream 
coreos-installer.x86_64                                0.15.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
coreos-installer-bootinfra.x86_64                      0.15.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
coreos-installer-dracut.x86_64                         0.15.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
coreutils.x86_64                                       8.30-15.el8                                                baseos    
coreutils-common.x86_64                                8.30-15.el8                                                baseos    
corosynclib.i686                                       3.1.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
corosynclib.x86_64                                     3.1.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
cracklib.i686                                          2.9.6-15.el8                                               baseos    
crash.x86_64                                           7.3.2-4.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
crash-gcore-command.x86_64                             1.6.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
crash-ptdump-command.x86_64                            1.0.7-2.el8                                                appstream 
crash-trace-command.x86_64                             3.0-1.el8                                                  appstream 
crda.noarch                                            3.18_2020.04.29-1.el8                                      baseos    
createrepo_c.x86_64                                    0.17.7-6.el8                                               appstream 
createrepo_c-devel.i686                                0.17.7-6.el8                                               appstream 
createrepo_c-devel.x86_64                              0.17.7-6.el8                                               appstream 
createrepo_c-libs.i686                                 0.17.7-6.el8                                               appstream 
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                               0.17.7-6.el8                                               appstream 
crit.x86_64                                            3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        appstream 
criu.x86_64                                            3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        appstream 
criu-devel.x86_64                                      3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        appstream 
criu-libs.x86_64                                       3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        appstream 
cronie.x86_64                                          1.5.2-8.el8                                                baseos    
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                  1.5.2-8.el8                                                baseos    
cronie-noanacron.x86_64                                1.5.2-8.el8                                                baseos    
crontabs.noarch                                        1.11-17.20190603git.el8                                    baseos    
crun.x86_64                                            1.8.4-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       appstream 
cryptsetup.x86_64                                      2.3.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
cryptsetup-devel.i686                                  2.3.7-5.el8                                                appstream 
cryptsetup-devel.x86_64                                2.3.7-5.el8                                                appstream 
cryptsetup-libs.i686                                   2.3.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
cryptsetup-reencrypt.x86_64                            2.3.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
cscope.x86_64                                          15.9-17.el8                                                appstream 
ctdb.x86_64                                            4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
culmus-aharoni-clm-fonts.noarch                        0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-caladings-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-david-clm-fonts.noarch                          0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-drugulin-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-ellinia-clm-fonts.noarch                        0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-fonts-common.noarch                             0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-frank-ruehl-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-hadasim-clm-fonts.noarch                        0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-keteryg-fonts.noarch                            0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-miriam-clm-fonts.noarch                         0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-miriam-mono-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-nachlieli-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-shofar-fonts.noarch                             0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-simple-clm-fonts.noarch                         0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-stamashkenaz-clm-fonts.noarch                   0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-stamsefarad-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
culmus-yehuda-clm-fonts.noarch                         0.130-12.el8                                               appstream 
cups.x86_64                                            1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-client.x86_64                                     1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-devel.i686                                        1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-devel.x86_64                                      1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-filesystem.noarch                                 1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-filters.x86_64                                    1.20.0-29.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
cups-filters-libs.i686                                 1.20.0-29.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                               1.20.0-29.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                    1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-libs.i686                                         1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         baseos    
cups-lpd.x86_64                                        1:2.2.6-51.el8_8.2                                         appstream 
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                  0.2.6-5.el8                                                appstream 
cyrus-imapd.i686                                       3.0.7-24.el8                                               appstream 
cyrus-imapd.x86_64                                     3.0.7-24.el8                                               appstream 
cyrus-imapd-utils.x86_64                               3.0.7-24.el8                                               appstream 
cyrus-imapd-vzic.x86_64                                3.0.7-24.el8                                               appstream 
cyrus-sasl.i686                                        2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                      2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-devel.i686                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                                2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-gs2.i686                                    2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-gs2.x86_64                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.i686                                 2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                               2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-ldap.i686                                   2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-ldap.x86_64                                 2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                    2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-md5.i686                                    2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.i686                                   2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.x86_64                                 2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-plain.i686                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-scram.i686                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                                2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             baseos    
cyrus-sasl-sql.i686                                    2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             appstream 
cyrus-sasl-sql.x86_64                                  2.1.27-6.el8_5                                             appstream 
daxctl.x86_64                                          71.1-4.el8                                                 baseos    
daxctl-devel.i686                                      71.1-4.el8                                                 appstream 
daxctl-devel.x86_64                                    71.1-4.el8                                                 appstream 
daxctl-libs.i686                                       71.1-4.el8                                                 baseos    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                     71.1-4.el8                                                 baseos    
daxio.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
dbus-devel.i686                                        1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        appstream 
dbus-devel.x86_64                                      1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        appstream 
dbus-glib.i686                                         0.110-2.el8                                                baseos    
dbus-glib-devel.i686                                   0.110-2.el8                                                appstream 
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                                 0.110-2.el8                                                appstream 
dbus-libs.i686                                         1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        baseos    
dbus-x11.x86_64                                        1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1                                        appstream 
dbxtool.x86_64                                         8-5.el8_3.2                                                baseos    
dconf.i686                                             0.28.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
dconf.x86_64                                           0.28.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
dconf-editor.x86_64                                    3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
dcraw.x86_64                                           9.27.0-9.el8                                               appstream 
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                             2.35-7.el8                                                 baseos    
dejavu-lgc-sans-fonts.noarch                           2.35-7.el8                                                 appstream 
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                               2.35-7.el8                                                 baseos    
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                          2.35-7.el8                                                 baseos    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                              2.35-7.el8                                                 baseos    
delve.x86_64                                           1.9.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1263+19d1a562                       appstream 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                              0.26-1.el8                                                 appstream 
devhelp.x86_64                                         1:3.28.1-5.el8                                             appstream 
devhelp-libs.i686                                      1:3.28.1-5.el8                                             appstream 
devhelp-libs.x86_64                                    1:3.28.1-5.el8                                             appstream 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                             8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           baseos    
device-mapper-event-libs.i686                          8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           baseos    
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                        8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           baseos    
device-mapper-libs.i686                                8:1.02.181-9.el8                                           baseos    
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                         0.8.4-37.el8                                               baseos    
device-mapper-multipath-libs.i686                      0.8.4-37.el8                                               baseos    
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                    0.8.4-37.el8                                               baseos    
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                   0.9.0-7.el8                                                baseos    
dhcp-client.x86_64                                     12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            baseos    
dhcp-common.noarch                                     12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            baseos    
dhcp-libs.i686                                         12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            baseos    
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                       12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            baseos    
dhcp-relay.x86_64                                      12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            baseos    
dhcp-server.x86_64                                     12:4.3.6-49.el8                                            baseos    
dialog.i686                                            1.3-13.20171209.el8                                        appstream 
dialog.x86_64                                          1.3-13.20171209.el8                                        appstream 
directory-maven-plugin.noarch                          0.3.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        appstream 
directory-maven-plugin-javadoc.noarch                  0.3.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        appstream 
dirsplit.x86_64                                        1.1.11-39.el8                                              appstream 
disruptor.noarch                                       3.4.4-2.module+el8.6.0+895+381d2531                        appstream 
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                           0.3.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
dleyna-core.i686                                       0.6.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
dleyna-core.x86_64                                     0.6.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                 0.6.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
dleyna-server.x86_64                                   0.6.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
dlm-lib.i686                                           4.1.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
dlm-lib.x86_64                                         4.1.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
dmidecode.x86_64                                       1:3.3-4.el8_8.1                                            baseos    
dnf-automatic.noarch                                   4.7.0-16.el8_8                                             baseos    
dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                            2.8.5-11.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                       appstream 
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64                 1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
dnsmasq.x86_64                                         2.79-26.el8                                                appstream 
dnsmasq-utils.x86_64                                   2.79-26.el8                                                appstream 
dnssec-trigger.x86_64                                  0.15-4.el8                                                 appstream 
dnssec-trigger-panel.x86_64                            0.15-4.el8                                                 appstream 
dos2unix.x86_64                                        7.4.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
dotconf.i686                                           1.3-18.el8                                                 appstream 
dotconf.x86_64                                         1.3-18.el8                                                 appstream 
dotnet.x86_64                                          7.0.111-1.el8_8                                            appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-3.0.x86_64                         3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-3.1.x86_64                         3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-5.0.x86_64                         5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-6.0.x86_64                         6.0.22-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                         7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-host.x86_64                                     7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-host-fxr-2.1.x86_64                             2.1.30-1.el8_4.rocky                                       appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-3.0.x86_64                              3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-3.1.x86_64                              3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-5.0.x86_64                              5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-6.0.x86_64                              6.0.22-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                              7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-runtime-2.1.x86_64                              2.1.30-1.el8_4.rocky                                       appstream 
dotnet-runtime-3.0.x86_64                              3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        appstream 
dotnet-runtime-3.1.x86_64                              3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
dotnet-runtime-5.0.x86_64                              5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             appstream 
dotnet-runtime-6.0.x86_64                              6.0.22-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                              7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-sdk-2.1.x86_64                                  2.1.526-1.el8_4.rocky                                      appstream 
dotnet-sdk-2.1.5xx.x86_64                              2.1.526-1.el8_4.rocky                                      appstream 
dotnet-sdk-3.0.x86_64                                  3.0.103-1.el8_1.rocky                                      appstream 
dotnet-sdk-3.1.x86_64                                  3.1.426-1.el8_7                                            appstream 
dotnet-sdk-5.0.x86_64                                  5.0.214-1.el8_6                                            appstream 
dotnet-sdk-6.0.x86_64                                  6.0.122-1.el8_8                                            appstream 
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                  7.0.111-1.el8_8                                            appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-3.0.x86_64                       3.0.3-1.el8_1.rocky                                        appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-3.1.x86_64                       3.1.32-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-5.0.x86_64                       5.0.17-1.el8_6                                             appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                       6.0.22-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                       7.0.11-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
dotnet-templates-3.0.x86_64                            3.0.103-1.el8_1.rocky                                      appstream 
dotnet-templates-3.1.x86_64                            3.1.426-1.el8_7                                            appstream 
dotnet-templates-5.0.x86_64                            5.0.214-1.el8_6                                            appstream 
dotnet-templates-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.122-1.el8_8                                            appstream 
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.111-1.el8_8                                            appstream 
dovecot.x86_64                                         1:2.3.16-3.el8                                             appstream 
dovecot-mysql.x86_64                                   1:2.3.16-3.el8                                             appstream 
dovecot-pgsql.x86_64                                   1:2.3.16-3.el8                                             appstream 
dovecot-pigeonhole.x86_64                              1:2.3.16-3.el8                                             appstream 
dpdk.x86_64                                            21.11-3.el8                                                appstream 
dpdk-devel.x86_64                                      21.11-3.el8                                                appstream 
dpdk-doc.noarch                                        21.11-3.el8                                                appstream 
dpdk-tools.x86_64                                      21.11-3.el8                                                appstream 
dracut-caps.x86_64                                     049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                           049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                            049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
dracut-live.x86_64                                     049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
dracut-network.x86_64                                  049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
dracut-squash.x86_64                                   049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
dracut-tools.x86_64                                    049-223.git20230119.el8                                    baseos    
driverctl.noarch                                       0.111-1.el8                                                appstream 
dropwatch.x86_64                                       1.5-1.el8                                                  appstream 
drpm.i686                                              0.4.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
drpm.x86_64                                            0.4.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
dump.x86_64                                            1:0.4-0.36.b46.el8                                         baseos    
dvd+rw-tools.x86_64                                    7.1-27.el8                                                 appstream 
dyninst.i686                                           12.1.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                       1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
e2fsprogs-devel.i686                                   1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
e2fsprogs-devel.x86_64                                 1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
e2fsprogs-libs.i686                                    1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                  1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
ecj.noarch                                             1:4.20-10.el8                                              appstream 
ed.x86_64                                              1.14.2-4.el8                                               baseos    
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                       20220126gitbb1bba3d77-4.el8                                appstream 
ee4j-parent.noarch                                     1.0.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        appstream 
efi-filesystem.noarch                                  3-3.el8                                                    baseos    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                      16-1.el8                                                   baseos    
efivar.x86_64                                          37-4.el8                                                   baseos    
efivar-libs.i686                                       37-4.el8                                                   baseos    
egl-utils.x86_64                                       8.4.0-5.20181118git1830dcb.el8                             appstream 
egl-wayland.i686                                       1.1.9-3.el8                                                appstream 
egl-wayland.x86_64                                     1.1.9-3.el8                                                appstream 
elfutils-debuginfod.x86_64                             0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                        0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.i686                  0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elfutils-devel.i686                                    0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elfutils-libelf.i686                                   0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elfutils-libelf-devel.i686                             0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elfutils-libs.i686                                     0.188-3.el8                                                baseos    
elrepo-release.noarch                                  8.3-1.el8                                                  extras    
emacs.x86_64                                           1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
emacs-common.x86_64                                    1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                     1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
emacs-nox.x86_64                                       1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
emacs-terminal.noarch                                  1:26.1-10.el8_8.2                                          appstream 
emoji-picker.noarch                                    2.1.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
enchant.i686                                           1:1.6.0-21.el8                                             appstream 
enchant.x86_64                                         1:1.6.0-21.el8                                             appstream 
enchant2.i686                                          2.2.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
enchant2.x86_64                                        2.2.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
enscript.x86_64                                        1.6.6-17.el8                                               appstream 
environment-modules.x86_64                             4.5.2-3.el8                                                baseos    
eog.x86_64                                             3.28.4-1.el8                                               appstream 
epel-release.noarch                                    8-18.el8                                                   extras    
esc.x86_64                                             1.1.2-24.el8                                               appstream 
espeak-ng.i686                                         1.49.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
espeak-ng.x86_64                                       1.49.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
eth-tools-basic.x86_64                                 1:11.4.0.0-201.el8                                         appstream 
eth-tools-fastfabric.x86_64                            1:11.4.0.0-201.el8                                         appstream 
ethtool.x86_64                                         2:5.13-2.el8                                               baseos    
evemu.x86_64                                           2.7.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
evemu-libs.i686                                        2.7.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
evemu-libs.x86_64                                      2.7.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
evince.x86_64                                          3.28.4-16.el8                                              appstream 
evince-browser-plugin.x86_64                           3.28.4-16.el8                                              appstream 
evince-libs.i686                                       3.28.4-16.el8                                              appstream 
evince-libs.x86_64                                     3.28.4-16.el8                                              appstream 
evince-nautilus.x86_64                                 3.28.4-16.el8                                              appstream 
evolution.x86_64                                       3.28.5-22.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-bogofilter.x86_64                            3.28.5-22.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-data-server.i686                             3.28.5-20.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-data-server.x86_64                           3.28.5-20.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-data-server-devel.i686                       3.28.5-20.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-data-server-devel.x86_64                     3.28.5-20.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                 3.28.5-20.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-ews.x86_64                                   3.28.5-13.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-ews-langpacks.noarch                         3.28.5-13.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-help.noarch                                  3.28.5-22.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-langpacks.noarch                             3.28.5-22.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-mapi.x86_64                                  3.28.3-7.el8.0.1                                           appstream 
evolution-mapi-langpacks.noarch                        3.28.3-7.el8.0.1                                           appstream 
evolution-pst.x86_64                                   3.28.5-22.el8                                              appstream 
evolution-spamassassin.x86_64                          3.28.5-22.el8                                              appstream 
exchange-bmc-os-info.noarch                            1.8.18-18.el8                                              appstream 
exempi.i686                                            2.4.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
exempi.x86_64                                          2.4.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
exiv2.x86_64                                           0.27.5-2.el8                                               appstream 
exiv2-libs.i686                                        0.27.5-2.el8                                               appstream 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                      0.27.5-2.el8                                               appstream 
expat.i686                                             2.2.5-11.el8                                               baseos    
expat-devel.i686                                       2.2.5-11.el8                                               baseos    
expat-devel.x86_64                                     2.2.5-11.el8                                               baseos    
fabtests.x86_64                                        1.17.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
fapolicyd.x86_64                                       1.1.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
fapolicyd-selinux.noarch                               1.1.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
farstream02.i686                                       0.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
farstream02.x86_64                                     0.2.8-2.el8                                                appstream 
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                      1.0.33-4.git848bcc6.el8                                    baseos    
fdo-admin-cli.x86_64                                   0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fdo-client.x86_64                                      0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fdo-init.x86_64                                        0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fdo-manufacturing-server.x86_64                        0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fdo-owner-cli.x86_64                                   0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fdo-owner-onboarding-server.x86_64                     0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fdo-rendezvous-server.x86_64                           0.4.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
fence-agents-all.x86_64                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-amt-ws.noarch                             4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-apc.noarch                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-apc-snmp.noarch                           4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-bladecenter.noarch                        4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-brocade.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-cisco-mds.noarch                          4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-cisco-ucs.noarch                          4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-common.noarch                             4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-compute.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-drac5.noarch                              4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-eaton-snmp.noarch                         4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-emerson.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-eps.noarch                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-heuristics-ping.noarch                    4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-hpblade.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ibm-powervs.noarch                        4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ibm-vpc.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ibmblade.noarch                           4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ifmib.noarch                              4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ilo-moonshot.noarch                       4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ilo-mp.noarch                             4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ilo-ssh.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ilo2.noarch                               4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-intelmodular.noarch                       4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ipdu.noarch                               4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-ipmilan.noarch                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-kdump.x86_64                              4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-kubevirt.x86_64                           4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-lpar.noarch                               4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-mpath.noarch                              4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-redfish.x86_64                            4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-rhevm.noarch                              4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-rsa.noarch                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-rsb.noarch                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-sbd.noarch                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-scsi.noarch                               4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-virsh.noarch                              4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-vmware-rest.noarch                        4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-vmware-soap.noarch                        4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-agents-wti.noarch                                4.2.1-112.el8                                              appstream 
fence-virt.x86_64                                      1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fence-virtd.x86_64                                     1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fence-virtd-cpg.x86_64                                 1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fence-virtd-libvirt.x86_64                             1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fence-virtd-multicast.x86_64                           1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fence-virtd-serial.x86_64                              1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fence-virtd-tcp.x86_64                                 1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
fetchmail.x86_64                                       6.4.24-1.el8                                               appstream 
fftw.i686                                              3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw.x86_64                                            3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-devel.i686                                        3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-devel.x86_64                                      3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs.i686                                         3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs.x86_64                                       3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-double.i686                                  3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-long.i686                                    3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                                  3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-quad.i686                                    3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                                  3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-single.i686                                  3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                                3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-static.i686                                       3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
fftw-static.x86_64                                     3.3.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
file-libs.i686                                         5.33-24.el8                                                baseos    
file-roller.x86_64                                     3.28.1-4.el8                                               appstream 
fio.x86_64                                             3.19-4.el8                                                 appstream 
fipscheck.x86_64                                       1.5.0-4.el8                                                baseos    
fipscheck-lib.i686                                     1.5.0-4.el8                                                baseos    
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                   1.5.0-4.el8                                                baseos    
firefox.x86_64                                         102.15.1-1.el8_8                                           appstream 
firewall-applet.noarch                                 0.9.3-13.el8                                               appstream 
firewall-config.noarch                                 0.9.3-13.el8                                               appstream 
firewalld.noarch                                       0.9.3-13.el8                                               baseos    
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                            0.9.3-13.el8                                               baseos    
flac-libs.i686                                         1.3.2-9.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
flac-libs.x86_64                                       1.3.2-9.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
flatpak.x86_64                                         1.10.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
flatpak-builder.x86_64                                 1.0.14-2.el8                                               appstream 
flatpak-libs.i686                                      1.10.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                    1.10.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                 1.10.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                          1.10.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
flatpak-spawn.x86_64                                   1.0.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
flatpak-xdg-utils.x86_64                               1.0.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
flex-doc.x86_64                                        2.6.1-9.el8                                                appstream 
fltk.i686                                              1.3.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
fltk.x86_64                                            1.3.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
flute.noarch                                           1.3.0-18.OOo31.el8                                         appstream 
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                               4.7.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
fontconfig.i686                                        2.13.1-4.el8                                               baseos    
fontconfig-devel.i686                                  2.13.1-4.el8                                               baseos    
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                                2.13.1-4.el8                                               baseos    
fonts-tweak-tool.i686                                  0.4.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
fonts-tweak-tool.x86_64                                0.4.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
foomatic.x86_64                                        4.0.12-23.el8                                              appstream 
foomatic-db.noarch                                     4.0-57.20180102.el8                                        appstream 
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                          4.0-57.20180102.el8                                        appstream 
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                4.0-57.20180102.el8                                        appstream 
fprintd.x86_64                                         1.90.9-2.el8                                               appstream 
fprintd-pam.i686                                       1.90.9-2.el8                                               appstream 
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                     1.90.9-2.el8                                               appstream 
freeglut.i686                                          3.0.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
freeglut.x86_64                                        3.0.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
freeglut-devel.i686                                    3.0.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                  3.0.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
freeipmi.i686                                          1.6.8-1.el8                                                baseos    
freeipmi.x86_64                                        1.6.8-1.el8                                                baseos    
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog.x86_64                           1.6.8-1.el8                                                baseos    
freeipmi-ipmidetectd.x86_64                            1.6.8-1.el8                                                baseos    
freeipmi-ipmiseld.x86_64                               1.6.8-1.el8                                                baseos    
freeradius.x86_64                                      3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-devel.x86_64                                3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-doc.x86_64                                  3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-krb5.x86_64                                 3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-ldap.x86_64                                 3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-mysql.x86_64                                3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-perl.x86_64                                 3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-postgresql.x86_64                           3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-rest.x86_64                                 3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-sqlite.x86_64                               3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-unixODBC.x86_64                             3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freeradius-utils.x86_64                                3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
freerdp.x86_64                                         2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
freerdp-libs.i686                                      2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                    2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
freetype.i686                                          2.9.1-9.el8                                                baseos    
freetype-devel.i686                                    2.9.1-9.el8                                                baseos    
freetype-devel.x86_64                                  2.9.1-9.el8                                                baseos    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                  1.6.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
frei0r-plugins-opencv.x86_64                           1.6.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
fribidi.i686                                           1.0.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
fribidi-devel.i686                                     1.0.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
frr.x86_64                                             7.5.1-7.el8_8.2                                            appstream 
frr-selinux.noarch                                     7.5.1-7.el8_8.2                                            appstream 
fstrm.i686                                             0.6.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
fstrm.x86_64                                           0.6.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
fstrm-devel.i686                                       0.6.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
fstrm-devel.x86_64                                     0.6.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
ftp.x86_64                                             0.17-78.el8                                                appstream 
fuse.x86_64                                            2.9.7-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse-common.x86_64                                     3.3.0-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse-devel.i686                                        2.9.7-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse-devel.x86_64                                      2.9.7-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse-libs.i686                                         2.9.7-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                       2.9.7-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                  1.11-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                        appstream 
fuse3.x86_64                                           3.3.0-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse3-devel.i686                                       3.3.0-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse3-devel.x86_64                                     3.3.0-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse3-libs.i686                                        3.3.0-16.el8                                               baseos    
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                      3.3.0-16.el8                                               baseos    
fwupd.x86_64                                           1.7.8-1.el8.rocky.0.4                                      baseos    
fwupdate.x86_64                                        11-3.el8.1.1                                               baseos    
fwupdate-efi.x86_64                                    11-3.el8.1.1                                               baseos    
fwupdate-libs.x86_64                                   11-3.el8.1.1                                               baseos    
fxload.x86_64                                          2008_10_13-10.el8                                          baseos    
galera.x86_64                                          25.3.37-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                     appstream 
gamin.i686                                             0.1.10-32.el8                                              baseos    
gamin.x86_64                                           0.1.10-32.el8                                              baseos    
gavl.i686                                              1.4.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
gavl.x86_64                                            1.4.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
gc.i686                                                7.6.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-gdb-plugin.i686                                    8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                    8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-offload-nvptx.x86_64                               8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-10.x86_64                                  10.1-0.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-annobin.x86_64                          9.29-2.el8.3                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-binutils.x86_64                         2.35-11.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-binutils-devel.i686                     2.35-11.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-binutils-devel.x86_64                   2.35-11.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-build.x86_64                            10.1-0.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-dwz.x86_64                              0.12-1.1.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-dyninst.x86_64                          10.2.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-dyninst-devel.x86_64                    10.2.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils.x86_64                         0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686         0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64       0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.i686   0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64 0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-devel.i686                     0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-devel.x86_64                   0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libelf.i686                    0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                  0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libelf-devel.i686              0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64            0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libs.i686                      0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libs.x86_64                    0.182-6.el8_4                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc.x86_64                              10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-c++.x86_64                          10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                   10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                     10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gdb.x86_64                              9.2-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gdb-doc.noarch                          9.2-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                    9.2-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libasan-devel.i686                      10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libasan-devel.x86_64                    10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libatomic-devel.i686                    10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libatomic-devel.x86_64                  10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libitm-devel.i686                       10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libitm-devel.x86_64                     10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-liblsan-devel.x86_64                    10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libquadmath-devel.i686                  10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libstdc++-devel.i686                    10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                  10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                   10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libtsan-devel.x86_64                    10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libubsan-devel.i686                     10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-libubsan-devel.x86_64                   10.3.1-1.2.el8_5                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-ltrace.x86_64                           0.7.91-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-make.x86_64                             1:4.2.1-1.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-make-devel.i686                         1:4.2.1-1.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-make-devel.x86_64                       1:4.2.1-1.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-perftools.x86_64                        10.1-0.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-runtime.x86_64                          10.1-0.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-strace.x86_64                           5.7-2.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap.x86_64                        4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-client.x86_64                 4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-devel.x86_64                  4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-initscript.x86_64             4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-runtime.x86_64                4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64              4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-server.x86_64                 4.4-5.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-toolchain.x86_64                        10.1-0.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-valgrind.i686                           1:3.16.0-6.el8_4                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-valgrind.x86_64                         1:3.16.0-6.el8_4                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-valgrind-devel.i686                     1:3.16.0-6.el8_4                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-10-valgrind-devel.x86_64                   1:3.16.0-6.el8_4                                           appstream 
gcc-toolset-11.x86_64                                  11.1-1.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-annobin-annocheck.x86_64                10.23-1.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-annobin-docs.noarch                     10.23-1.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64               10.23-1.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-binutils.x86_64                         2.36.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-binutils-devel.i686                     2.36.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-binutils-devel.x86_64                   2.36.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-build.x86_64                            11.1-1.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-dwz.x86_64                              0.14-2.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst.i686                            11.0.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst.x86_64                          11.0.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst-devel.i686                      11.0.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst-devel.x86_64                    11.0.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils.x86_64                         0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686         0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64       0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.i686   0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64 0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-devel.i686                     0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-devel.x86_64                   0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libelf.i686                    0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                  0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libelf-devel.i686              0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64            0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libs.i686                      0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libs.x86_64                    0.185-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc.x86_64                              11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-c++.x86_64                          11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                   11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                     11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-plugin-devel.i686                   11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                 11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gdb.x86_64                              10.2-5.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gdb-doc.noarch                          10.2-5.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                    10.2-5.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libasan-devel.i686                      11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libasan-devel.x86_64                    11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libatomic-devel.i686                    11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libatomic-devel.x86_64                  11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit.x86_64                        11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit-devel.i686                    11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit-devel.x86_64                  11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit-docs.x86_64                   11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libitm-devel.i686                       11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libitm-devel.x86_64                     11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-liblsan-devel.x86_64                    11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libquadmath-devel.i686                  11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libstdc++-devel.i686                    11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                  11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                   11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libtsan-devel.x86_64                    11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libubsan-devel.i686                     11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-libubsan-devel.x86_64                   11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-ltrace.x86_64                           0.7.91-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-make.x86_64                             1:4.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-make-devel.i686                         1:4.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-make-devel.x86_64                       1:4.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-perftools.x86_64                        11.1-1.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-runtime.x86_64                          11.1-1.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-strace.x86_64                           5.13-7.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap.x86_64                        4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-client.x86_64                 4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-devel.i686                    4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-devel.x86_64                  4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-initscript.x86_64             4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-runtime.x86_64                4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-sdt-devel.i686                4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64              4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-server.x86_64                 4.5-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-toolchain.x86_64                        11.1-1.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-valgrind.i686                           1:3.17.0-6.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-valgrind.x86_64                         1:3.17.0-6.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-valgrind-devel.i686                     1:3.17.0-6.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-11-valgrind-devel.x86_64                   1:3.17.0-6.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12.x86_64                                  12.0-6.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-annocheck.x86_64                11.08-1.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-docs.noarch                     11.08-1.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64               11.08-1.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils.x86_64                         2.38-17.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-devel.i686                     2.38-17.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-devel.x86_64                   2.38-17.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-gold.x86_64                    2.38-17.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-build.x86_64                            12.0-6.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-dwz.x86_64                              0.14-2.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc.x86_64                              12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-c++.x86_64                          12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                     12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64               12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-devel.i686                   12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                 12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gdb.x86_64                              11.2-3.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libasan-devel.i686                      12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libasan-devel.x86_64                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libatomic-devel.i686                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libatomic-devel.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit.i686                          12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit.x86_64                        12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-devel.i686                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-devel.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-docs.x86_64                   12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libitm-devel.i686                       12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libitm-devel.x86_64                     12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-liblsan-devel.x86_64                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libquadmath-devel.i686                  12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-devel.i686                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                   12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libtsan-devel.x86_64                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libubsan-devel.i686                     12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libubsan-devel.x86_64                   12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-offload-nvptx.x86_64                    12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-runtime.x86_64                          12.0-6.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-9.x86_64                                   9.0-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-annobin.x86_64                           9.08-4.el8                                                 appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-binutils.x86_64                          2.32-17.el8_1                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-binutils-devel.i686                      2.32-17.el8_1                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-binutils-devel.x86_64                    2.32-17.el8_1                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-build.x86_64                             9.0-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-dwz.x86_64                               0.12-1.1.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst.x86_64                           10.1.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils.x86_64                          0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-devel.i686                      0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-devel.x86_64                    0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                   0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf-devel.i686               0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64             0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libs.x86_64                     0.176-5.el8                                                appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc.x86_64                               9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-c++.x86_64                           9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                    9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                      9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gdb.x86_64                               8.3-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gdb-doc.noarch                           8.3-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                     8.3-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libasan-devel.i686                       9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libasan-devel.x86_64                     9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libatomic-devel.i686                     9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libatomic-devel.x86_64                   9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libitm-devel.i686                        9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libitm-devel.x86_64                      9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-liblsan-devel.x86_64                     9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libquadmath-devel.i686                   9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                 9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-devel.i686                     9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                   9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                    9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libtsan-devel.x86_64                     9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libubsan-devel.i686                      9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-libubsan-devel.x86_64                    9.2.1-2.3.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-ltrace.x86_64                            0.7.91-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-make.x86_64                              1:4.2.1-2.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-make-devel.i686                          1:4.2.1-2.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-make-devel.x86_64                        1:4.2.1-2.el8                                              appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-perftools.x86_64                         9.0-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-runtime.x86_64                           9.0-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-strace.x86_64                            5.1-6.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap.x86_64                         4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-client.x86_64                  4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-devel.i686                     4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-devel.x86_64                   4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-initscript.x86_64              4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-runtime.x86_64                 4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-sdt-devel.i686                 4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64               4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-server.x86_64                  4.1-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-toolchain.x86_64                         9.0-4.el8                                                  appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind.i686                            1:3.15.0-9.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind.x86_64                          1:3.15.0-9.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind-devel.i686                      1:3.15.0-9.el8                                             appstream 
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind-devel.x86_64                    1:3.15.0-9.el8                                             appstream 
gcr.i686                                               3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcr.x86_64                                             3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcr-devel.i686                                         3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gcr-devel.x86_64                                       3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gd.i686                                                2.2.5-7.el8                                                appstream 
gd-devel.i686                                          2.2.5-7.el8                                                appstream 
gd-devel.x86_64                                        2.2.5-7.el8                                                appstream 
gdb.i686                                               8.2-19.el8                                                 appstream 
gdb-doc.noarch                                         8.2-19.el8                                                 appstream 
gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                   8.2-19.el8                                                 appstream 
gdb-headless.i686                                      8.2-19.el8                                                 appstream 
gdbm.i686                                              1:1.18-2.el8                                               baseos    
gdbm-devel.i686                                        1:1.18-2.el8                                               baseos    
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                      1:1.18-2.el8                                               baseos    
gdbm-libs.i686                                         1:1.18-2.el8                                               baseos    
gdisk.x86_64                                           1.0.3-11.el8                                               baseos    
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                       2.36.12-5.el8                                              baseos    
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.i686                                 2.36.12-5.el8                                              appstream 
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                               2.36.12-5.el8                                              appstream 
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                               2.36.12-5.el8                                              appstream 
gdm.i686                                               1:40.0-27.el8                                              appstream 
gdm.x86_64                                             1:40.0-27.el8                                              appstream 
gedit.x86_64                                           2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             appstream 
gedit-plugin-bookmarks.x86_64                          3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion.x86_64                  3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-codecomment.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-colorpicker.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-colorschemer.x86_64                       3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-commander.x86_64                          3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-drawspaces.x86_64                         3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-findinfiles.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-joinlines.x86_64                          3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-multiedit.x86_64                          3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-smartspaces.x86_64                        3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-terminal.x86_64                           3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-textsize.x86_64                           3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-translate.x86_64                          3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugin-wordcompletion.x86_64                     3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugins.x86_64                                   3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gedit-plugins-data.x86_64                              3.28.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
gegl.i686                                              0.2.0-39.el8                                               appstream 
gegl.x86_64                                            0.2.0-39.el8                                               appstream 
gegl04.i686                                            0.4.4-7.el8                                                appstream 
gegl04.x86_64                                          0.4.4-7.el8                                                appstream 
genisoimage.x86_64                                     1.1.11-39.el8                                              appstream 
genwqe-tools.x86_64                                    4.0.20-5.el8                                               baseos    
genwqe-vpd.x86_64                                      4.0.20-5.el8                                               baseos    
genwqe-zlib.i686                                       4.0.20-5.el8                                               baseos    
genwqe-zlib.x86_64                                     4.0.20-5.el8                                               baseos    
genwqe-zlib-devel.i686                                 4.0.20-5.el8                                               baseos    
genwqe-zlib-devel.x86_64                               4.0.20-5.el8                                               baseos    
geoclue2.i686                                          2.5.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
geoclue2.x86_64                                        2.5.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
geoclue2-demos.x86_64                                  2.5.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
geoclue2-libs.i686                                     2.5.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                   2.5.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
geocode-glib.i686                                      3.26.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
geocode-glib.x86_64                                    3.26.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
geocode-glib-devel.i686                                3.26.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                              3.26.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
geoipupdate.x86_64                                     2.5.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
geolite2-city.noarch                                   20180605-1.el8                                             appstream 
geolite2-country.noarch                                20180605-1.el8                                             appstream 
geronimo-annotation.noarch                             1.0-23.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
gettext-devel.i686                                     0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            baseos    
gettext-libs.i686                                      0.19.8.1-17.el8                                            baseos    
gfbgraph.i686                                          0.2.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
gfbgraph.x86_64                                        0.2.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                      3.2.0-11.el8                                               baseos    
ghostscript.x86_64                                     9.27-6.el8                                                 appstream 
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                                 9.27-6.el8                                                 appstream 
giflib.i686                                            5.1.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
giflib.x86_64                                          5.1.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
gimp.x86_64                                            2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    appstream 
gimp-devel.x86_64                                      2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    appstream 
gimp-devel-tools.x86_64                                2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    appstream 
gimp-libs.x86_64                                       2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                    appstream 
git-all.noarch                                         2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-clang-format.i686                                  15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
git-clang-format.x86_64                                15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
git-credential-libsecret.x86_64                        2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-daemon.x86_64                                      2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-email.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-gui.noarch                                         2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-instaweb.noarch                                    2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-lfs.x86_64                                         3.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
git-subtree.x86_64                                     2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
git-svn.noarch                                         2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
gitk.noarch                                            2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
gitweb.noarch                                          2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
gjs.i686                                               1.56.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
gjs.x86_64                                             1.56.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
gl-manpages.noarch                                     1.1-15.20161227.el8                                        appstream 
glade-libs.i686                                        3.22.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
glade-libs.x86_64                                      3.22.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
glassfish-el-api.noarch                                3.0.1-0.7.b08.module+el8.6.0+975+c0ed2db8                  appstream 
glib-networking.i686                                   2.56.1-1.1.el8                                             baseos    
glib-networking.x86_64                                 2.56.1-1.1.el8                                             baseos    
glib2.i686                                             2.56.4-161.el8                                             baseos    
glib2-devel.i686                                       2.56.4-161.el8                                             baseos    
glib2-devel.x86_64                                     2.56.4-161.el8                                             baseos    
glib2-fam.x86_64                                       2.56.4-161.el8                                             baseos    
glib2-tests.x86_64                                     2.56.4-161.el8                                             baseos    
glibc.i686                                             2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-devel.i686                                       2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-doc.noarch                                       2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                 2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-headers.i686                                     2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-aa.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-af.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-agr.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ak.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-am.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-an.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-anp.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ar.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-as.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ast.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ayc.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-az.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-be.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bem.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ber.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bg.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bhb.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bho.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bi.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bn.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bo.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-br.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-brx.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-bs.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-byn.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ca.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ce.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-chr.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-cmn.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-crh.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-cs.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-csb.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-cv.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-cy.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-da.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-de.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-doi.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-dsb.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-dv.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-dz.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-el.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-eo.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-es.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-et.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-eu.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fa.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ff.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fi.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fil.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fo.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fr.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fur.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-fy.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ga.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-gd.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-gez.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-gl.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-gu.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-gv.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ha.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hak.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-he.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hi.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hif.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hne.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hr.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hsb.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ht.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hu.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-hy.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ia.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-id.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ig.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ik.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-is.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-it.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-iu.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ja.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ka.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-kab.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-kk.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-kl.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-km.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-kn.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ko.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-kok.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ks.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ku.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-kw.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ky.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lb.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lg.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-li.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lij.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ln.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lo.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lt.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lv.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-lzh.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mag.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mai.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mfe.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mg.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mhr.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mi.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-miq.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mjw.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mk.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ml.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mn.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mni.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mr.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ms.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-mt.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-my.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nan.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nb.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nds.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ne.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nhn.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-niu.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nl.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nn.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nr.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-nso.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-oc.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-om.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-or.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-os.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-pa.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-pap.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-pl.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ps.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-pt.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-quz.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-raj.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ro.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ru.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-rw.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sa.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sah.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sat.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sc.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sd.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-se.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sgs.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-shn.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-shs.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-si.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sid.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sk.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sl.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sm.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-so.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sq.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sr.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ss.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-st.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sv.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-sw.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-szl.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ta.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tcy.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-te.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tg.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-th.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-the.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ti.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tig.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tk.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tl.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tn.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-to.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tpi.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tr.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ts.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-tt.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ug.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-uk.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-unm.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ur.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-uz.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-ve.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-vi.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-wa.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-wae.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-wal.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-wo.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-xh.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-yi.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-yo.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-yue.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-yuw.x86_64                              2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-zh.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-langpack-zu.x86_64                               2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-locale-source.x86_64                             2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
glibc-utils.x86_64                                     2.28-225.el8                                               appstream 
glibmm24.i686                                          2.56.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
glibmm24.x86_64                                        2.56.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
glusterfs.x86_64                                       6.0-61.3.el8                                               baseos    
glusterfs-api.x86_64                                   6.0-61.3.el8                                               appstream 
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                   6.0-61.3.el8                                               appstream 
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                        6.0-61.3.el8                                               baseos    
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                  6.0-61.3.el8                                               baseos    
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                                  6.0-61.3.el8                                               baseos    
glusterfs-rdma.x86_64                                  6.0-61.3.el8                                               baseos    
glx-utils.x86_64                                       8.4.0-5.20181118git1830dcb.el8                             appstream 
gmp.i686                                               1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             baseos    
gmp-c++.i686                                           1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             baseos    
gmp-c++.x86_64                                         1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             baseos    
gmp-devel.i686                                         1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             baseos    
gmp-devel.x86_64                                       1:6.1.2-10.el8                                             baseos    
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                      1.2.6-6.el8                                                appstream 
gnome-autoar.i686                                      0.2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                    0.2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                               3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-backgrounds-extras.noarch                        3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                 1:3.34.3-1.el8                                             appstream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.i686                              1:3.34.3-1.el8                                             appstream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                            1:3.34.3-1.el8                                             appstream 
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                     3.36.5-8.el8.rocky.0.1                                     appstream 
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                3.28.2-2.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-characters.x86_64                                3.28.2-1.el8.1                                             appstream 
gnome-classic-session.noarch                           3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                             3.28.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-control-center.x86_64                            3.28.2-37.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                 3.28.2-37.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-desktop3.i686                                    3.32.2-1.el8_8.2                                           appstream 
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                  3.32.2-1.el8_8.2                                           appstream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.i686                              3.32.2-1.el8_8.2                                           appstream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                            3.32.2-1.el8_8.2                                           appstream 
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                              3.28.3-2.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                               3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                      3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-cs.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-de.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-es.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-fr.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-gl.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-hu.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-it.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-pl.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-pt_BR.noarch                3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-ru.noarch                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                             3.28.0-11.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                   3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                               3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-logs.x86_64                                      3.28.5-3.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-menus.i686                                       3.13.3-11.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-menus.x86_64                                     3.13.3-11.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-online-accounts.i686                             3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                           3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.i686                       3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                     3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                             3.26.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-photos.x86_64                                    3.28.1-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-photos-tests.x86_64                              3.28.1-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                            0.1.8-3.el8                                                appstream 
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                                3.26.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-session.x86_64                                   3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-session-kiosk-session.x86_64                     3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                   3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                          3.28.1-20.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                           3.32.0-19.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-shell.x86_64                                     3.32.2-50.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                 3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-auto-move-windows.noarch         3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-classification-banner.noarch     3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                    3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-custom-menu.noarch               3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-dock.noarch              3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-panel.noarch             3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch             3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-disable-screenshield.noarch      3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-drive-menu.noarch                3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-gesture-inhibitor.noarch         3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-heads-up-display.noarch          3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-horizontal-workspaces.noarch     3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch       3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-native-window-placement.noarch   3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-no-hot-corner.noarch             3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-panel-favorites.noarch           3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch               3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-screenshot-window-sizer.noarch   3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-systemMonitor.noarch             3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-top-icons.noarch                 3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-updates-dialog.noarch            3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch                3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-window-grouper.noarch            3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch               3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-windowsNavigator.noarch          3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-workspace-indicator.noarch       3.32.1-34.el8_8                                            appstream 
gnome-software.x86_64                                  3.36.1-11.el8                                              appstream 
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                            3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                  3.28.3-3.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                         3.28.3-3.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-themes-standard.x86_64                           3.22.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                    3.28.1-7.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                 3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
gnome-video-effects.noarch                             0.4.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                           20120503-18.el8                                            appstream 
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                             20120503-18.el8                                            appstream 
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                             20120503-18.el8                                            appstream 
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                            20120503-18.el8                                            appstream 
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                    2.2.20-3.el8_6                                             baseos    
gnuplot.x86_64                                         5.2.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
gnuplot-common.x86_64                                  5.2.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
gnutls.i686                                            3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             baseos    
gnutls-c++.i686                                        3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                      3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
gnutls-dane.i686                                       3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                     3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
gnutls-devel.i686                                      3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
gnutls-devel.x86_64                                    3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                    3.6.16-6.el8_7                                             appstream 
go-toolset.x86_64                                      1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
gobject-introspection.i686                             1.56.1-1.el8                                               baseos    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                           1.56.1-1.el8                                               baseos    
gobject-introspection-devel.i686                       1.56.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                     1.56.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
golang.x86_64                                          1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
golang-bin.x86_64                                      1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
golang-docs.noarch                                     1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
golang-misc.noarch                                     1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
golang-race.x86_64                                     1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
golang-src.noarch                                      1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
golang-tests.noarch                                    1.19.10-1.module+el8.8.0+1324+77e44fad                     appstream 
gom.i686                                               0.4-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gom.x86_64                                             0.4-1.el8                                                  appstream 
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                  1.002-0.10.20130214.el8                                    appstream 
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                  1.103-0.8.20130920.el8                                     appstream 
google-droid-kufi-fonts.noarch                         20120715-13.el8                                            appstream 
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                    20120715-13.el8                                            appstream 
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                        20120715-13.el8                                            appstream 
google-guice.noarch                                    4.1-11.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                    20190416-1.el8                                             appstream 
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                   20200916-2.el8                                             appstream 
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                         20200916-2.el8                                             appstream 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                        20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-kufi-arabic-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-mono-fonts.noarch                          20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-naskh-arabic-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-nastaliq-urdu-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-balinese-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-bamum-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-batak-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-buginese-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-buhid-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-fonts.noarch      20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-cham-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                  20190416-1.el8                                             appstream 
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-cypriot-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch     20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                          20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch         20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi-fonts.noarch    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian-fonts.noarch   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-javanese-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                      20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-lepcha-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-limbu-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-linear-b-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-mongolian-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-myanmar-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                      20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-ogham-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-old-italic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-old-persian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch        20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-phags-pa-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-rejang-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-runic-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-samaritan-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-sundanese-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-syloti-nagri-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-syriac-eastern-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-syriac-estrangela-fonts.noarch        20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-syriac-western-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tai-le-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tibetan-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-ui-fonts.noarch                       20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                      20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-sans-yi-fonts.noarch                       20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-bengali-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                 20190416-1.el8                                             appstream 
google-noto-serif-devanagari-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                         20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-gujarati-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-kannada-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-malayalam-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-tamil-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-telugu-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8.1                                           appstream 
gpgme.i686                                             1.13.1-11.el8                                              baseos    
gpgmepp.i686                                           1.13.1-11.el8                                              baseos    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                         1.13.1-11.el8                                              baseos    
gpm.x86_64                                             1.20.7-17.el8                                              appstream 
gpm-devel.i686                                         1.20.7-17.el8                                              appstream 
gpm-devel.x86_64                                       1.20.7-17.el8                                              appstream 
gpm-libs.i686                                          1.20.7-17.el8                                              appstream 
grafana.x86_64                                         7.5.15-4.el8                                               appstream 
grafana-pcp.x86_64                                     3.2.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
graphite2.i686                                         1.3.10-10.el8                                              appstream 
graphite2-devel.i686                                   1.3.10-10.el8                                              appstream 
graphite2-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.10-10.el8                                              appstream 
graphviz.i686                                          2.40.1-44.el8                                              appstream 
greenboot.x86_64                                       0.15.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
greenboot-default-health-checks.x86_64                 0.15.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
grilo.i686                                             0.3.6-3.el8                                                appstream 
grilo.x86_64                                           0.3.6-3.el8                                                appstream 
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                   0.3.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                          1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                  1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                           1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-efi-ia32-modules.noarch                          1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                   1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                            1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                           1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-pc.x86_64                                        1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                 1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                               1:2.02-148.el8_8.1.rocky.0.3                               baseos    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.i686                         3.32.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                       3.32.0-6.el8                                               baseos    
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.i686                   3.32.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.x86_64                 3.32.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
gsl.i686                                               2.5-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gsl.x86_64                                             2.5-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gsl-devel.i686                                         2.5-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gsl-devel.x86_64                                       2.5-1.el8                                                  appstream 
gsm.i686                                               1.0.17-5.el8                                               appstream 
gsm.x86_64                                             1.0.17-5.el8                                               appstream 
gsound.i686                                            1.0.2-6.el8                                                appstream 
gsound.x86_64                                          1.0.2-6.el8                                                appstream 
gspell.i686                                            1.8.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
gspell.x86_64                                          1.8.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
gssdp.i686                                             1.0.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
gssdp.x86_64                                           1.0.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
gssntlmssp.x86_64                                      1.2.0-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
gssproxy.x86_64                                        0.8.0-21.el8                                               baseos    
gstreamer1.i686                                        1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1.x86_64                                      1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-devel.i686                                  1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                                1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                       1.16.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                     1.16.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                           1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                         1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.i686                     1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.x86_64                   1.16.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                           1.16.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                         1.16.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.i686                       1.16.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                     1.16.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                      1.16.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                    1.16.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
gtk-vnc2.i686                                          0.9.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                        0.9.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
gtk2.i686                                              2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-devel.i686                                        2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                      2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-devel-docs.x86_64                                 2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-immodule-xim.i686                                 2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                               2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-immodules.i686                                    2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk2-immodules.x86_64                                  2.24.32-5.el8                                              appstream 
gtk3.i686                                              3.22.30-11.el8                                             appstream 
gtk3.x86_64                                            3.22.30-11.el8                                             appstream 
gtk3-devel.i686                                        3.22.30-11.el8                                             appstream 
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                      3.22.30-11.el8                                             appstream 
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                               3.22.30-11.el8                                             appstream 
gtkmm24.i686                                           2.24.5-6.el8                                               appstream 
gtkmm24.x86_64                                         2.24.5-6.el8                                               appstream 
gtkmm30.i686                                           3.22.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
gtkmm30.x86_64                                         3.22.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
gtksourceview3.i686                                    3.24.9-1.el8                                               appstream 
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                  3.24.9-1.el8                                               appstream 
gtkspell.i686                                          2.0.16-15.el8                                              appstream 
gtkspell.x86_64                                        2.0.16-15.el8                                              appstream 
gtkspell3.i686                                         3.0.9-5.el8                                                appstream 
gtkspell3.x86_64                                       3.0.9-5.el8                                                appstream 
guava20.noarch                                         20.0-8.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                         appstream 
gubbi-fonts.noarch                                     1.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
guile.i686                                             5:2.0.14-7.el8                                             appstream 
gupnp.i686                                             1.0.6-2.el8_4                                              appstream 
gupnp.x86_64                                           1.0.6-2.el8_4                                              appstream 
gupnp-av.i686                                          0.12.10-6.el8                                              appstream 
gupnp-av.x86_64                                        0.12.10-6.el8                                              appstream 
gupnp-dlna.i686                                        0.10.5-9.el8                                               appstream 
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                      0.10.5-9.el8                                               appstream 
gupnp-igd.i686                                         0.2.5-4.el8                                                appstream 
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                       0.2.5-4.el8                                                appstream 
gutenprint.x86_64                                      5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                 5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-doc.x86_64                                  5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-libs.i686                                   5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                 5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-libs-ui.i686                                5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-libs-ui.x86_64                              5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gutenprint-plugin.x86_64                               5.2.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
gvfs.x86_64                                            1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                        1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                        1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                    1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-client.i686                                       1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-client.x86_64                                     1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-devel.i686                                        1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                      1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                       1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                        1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                    1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                        1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                        1.36.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
gvnc.i686                                              0.9.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
gvnc.x86_64                                            0.9.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
haproxy.x86_64                                         1.8.27-5.el8                                               appstream 
harfbuzz.i686                                          1.7.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
harfbuzz-devel.i686                                    1.7.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                  1.7.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
harfbuzz-icu.i686                                      1.7.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                    1.7.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
hawtjni-runtime.noarch                                 1.16-2.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                         appstream 
hdparm.x86_64                                          9.54-4.el8                                                 baseos    
hesiod.i686                                            3.2.1-11.el8                                               appstream 
hesiod.x86_64                                          3.2.1-11.el8                                               appstream 
hexchat.i686                                           2.14.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
hexchat.x86_64                                         2.14.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
hexchat-devel.i686                                     2.14.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
hexchat-devel.x86_64                                   2.14.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
hexedit.x86_64                                         1.2.13-12.el8                                              appstream 
highlight.x86_64                                       3.42-3.el8                                                 appstream 
highlight-gui.x86_64                                   3.42-3.el8                                                 appstream 
hivex.x86_64                                           1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     appstream 
hivex-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     appstream 
hostapd.x86_64                                         2.10-1.el8                                                 appstream 
hplip.x86_64                                           3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
hplip-common.i686                                      3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
hplip-common.x86_64                                    3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
hplip-gui.x86_64                                       3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
hplip-libs.i686                                        3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
hplip-libs.x86_64                                      3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
hspell.i686                                            1.4-6.el8                                                  appstream 
hspell.x86_64                                          1.4-6.el8                                                  appstream 
http-parser.i686                                       2.8.0-9.el8                                                appstream 
http-parser.x86_64                                     2.8.0-9.el8                                                appstream 
httpcomponents-client.noarch                           4.5.5-5.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
httpcomponents-core.noarch                             4.4.10-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       appstream 
httpd.x86_64                                           2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
httpd-devel.x86_64                                     2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
httpd-manual.noarch                                    2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
httpd-tools.x86_64                                     2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
hunspell.i686                                          1.6.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell.x86_64                                        1.6.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-af.noarch                                     0.20080825-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ak.noarch                                     0.9.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-am.noarch                                     0.20090704-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ar.noarch                                     3.5-7.el8                                                  appstream 
hunspell-as.noarch                                     1.0.3-17.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-ast.noarch                                    1:0.02-14.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-az.noarch                                     0.20040827-17.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-be.noarch                                     1.1-15.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-ber.noarch                                    0.20080210-15.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-bg.noarch                                     4.3-13.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-bn.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-br.noarch                                     1:0.15-1.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-ca.noarch                                     2.3-11.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-cop.noarch                                    0.3-13.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-cs.noarch                                     20080822-8.el8                                             appstream 
hunspell-csb.noarch                                    0.20050311-17.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-cv.noarch                                     1.06-1.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-cy.noarch                                     0.20040425-18.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-da.noarch                                     1.7.42-9.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-de.noarch                                     0.20161207-1.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-devel.i686                                    1.6.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-devel.x86_64                                  1.6.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-dsb.noarch                                    1.4.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-el.noarch                                     1:0.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-en.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-12.el8                                        appstream 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                  0.20140811.1-12.el8                                        appstream 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                  0.20140811.1-12.el8                                        appstream 
hunspell-eo.noarch                                     1.0-0.15.dev.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-es.noarch                                     1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-AR.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-BO.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-CL.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-CO.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-CR.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-CU.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-DO.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-EC.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-ES.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-GT.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-HN.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-MX.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-NI.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-PA.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-PE.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-PR.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-PY.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-SV.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-US.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-UY.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-es-VE.noarch                                  1:2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-et.noarch                                     0.20030606-19.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-eu.noarch                                     0.20080507-15.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-fa.noarch                                     0.20070116-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-fj.noarch                                     1.2-15.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-fo.noarch                                     0.4.2-8.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-fr.noarch                                     6.2-1.el8                                                  appstream 
hunspell-fur.noarch                                    0.20050912-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-fy.noarch                                     3.0.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-ga.noarch                                     5.0-1.el8                                                  appstream 
hunspell-gd.noarch                                     2.6-10.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-gl.noarch                                     0.20080515-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-grc.noarch                                    2.1.5-16.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-gu.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-gv.noarch                                     0.20040505-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-haw.noarch                                    0.03-1.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-he.x86_64                                     1.4-6.el8                                                  appstream 
hunspell-hi.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-hil.noarch                                    1:0.14-14.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-hr.noarch                                     1:0.20040608-17.el8                                        appstream 
hunspell-hsb.noarch                                    0.20060327.3-12.el8                                        appstream 
hunspell-ht.noarch                                     0.06-13.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-hu.noarch                                     1.6.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-hy.noarch                                     0.20.0-13.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-ia.noarch                                     0.20050226-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-id.noarch                                     0.20040812-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-is.noarch                                     0.20090823-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-it.noarch                                     2.4-0.17.20070901.el8                                      appstream 
hunspell-kk.noarch                                     1.1-14.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-km.noarch                                     1.82-1.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-kn.noarch                                     1.0.3-15.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-ko.noarch                                     0.7.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-ku.noarch                                     0.21-18.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-ky.noarch                                     0.20090415-15.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-la.noarch                                     0.20130331-11.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-lb.noarch                                     0.20121128-9.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-ln.noarch                                     0.02-14.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-lt.noarch                                     1.2.1-18.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-lv.noarch                                     1.0.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-mai.noarch                                    1.0.1-15.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-mg.noarch                                     0.20050109-18.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-mi.noarch                                     0.20080630-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-mk.noarch                                     0.20051126-17.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ml.noarch                                     0.1-18.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-mn.noarch                                     0.20080709-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-mos.noarch                                    0.20101130-13.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-mr.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-ms.noarch                                     0.20050117-17.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-mt.noarch                                     0.20110414-1.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-nb.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-7.el8                                             appstream 
hunspell-nds.noarch                                    0.1-15.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-ne.noarch                                     20080425-17.el8                                            appstream 
hunspell-nl.noarch                                     2.10-12.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-nn.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-7.el8                                             appstream 
hunspell-nr.noarch                                     0.20091030-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-nso.noarch                                    0.20091201-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ny.noarch                                     1:0.01-14.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-oc.noarch                                     0.6.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-om.noarch                                     1:0.04-15.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-or.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-pa.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-pl.noarch                                     0.20180707-1.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-pt.noarch                                     0.20130125-10.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-qu.noarch                                     0.9-13.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-quh.noarch                                    0.20110816-13.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ro.noarch                                     3.3.7-12.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-ru.noarch                                     1:0.99g5-13.el8                                            appstream 
hunspell-rw.noarch                                     0.20050109-16.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-sc.noarch                                     0.20081101-19.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-se.noarch                                     1.0-0.14.beta7.el8                                         appstream 
hunspell-shs.noarch                                    0.20090828-13.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-si.noarch                                     0.2.1-16.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-sk.noarch                                     1:0.20110228-12.el8                                        appstream 
hunspell-sl.noarch                                     0.20070127-18.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-smj.noarch                                    1.0-0.14.beta7.el8                                         appstream 
hunspell-so.noarch                                     1.0.2-13.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-sq.noarch                                     1.6.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-sr.noarch                                     0.20130330-10.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ss.noarch                                     0.20091030-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-st.noarch                                     0.20091030-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-sv.noarch                                     2.28-8.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-sw.noarch                                     0.20050819-17.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ta.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-te.noarch                                     1:1.0.0-9.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-tet.noarch                                    0.20050108-18.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-th.noarch                                     0.20061212-18.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-ti.noarch                                     0.20090911-13.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-tk.noarch                                     1:0.02-12.el8                                              appstream 
hunspell-tl.noarch                                     0.20050109-17.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-tn.noarch                                     0.20150904-1.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-tpi.noarch                                    0.07-10.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-ts.noarch                                     0.20110323.1-1.el8                                         appstream 
hunspell-uk.noarch                                     1.8.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-ur.noarch                                     0.64-14.el8                                                appstream 
hunspell-uz.noarch                                     0.6-16.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-ve.noarch                                     0.20091030-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-vi.noarch                                     0.20120418-1.el8                                           appstream 
hunspell-wa.noarch                                     0.4.17-9.el8                                               appstream 
hunspell-xh.noarch                                     0.20091030-14.el8                                          appstream 
hunspell-yi.noarch                                     1.1-15.el8                                                 appstream 
hunspell-zu.noarch                                     0.20100126-16.el8                                          appstream 
hwdata.noarch                                          0.314-8.16.el8                                             baseos    
hwloc.x86_64                                           2.2.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
hwloc-gui.x86_64                                       2.2.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
hwloc-libs.i686                                        2.2.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                      2.2.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
hwloc-plugins.x86_64                                   2.2.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                  0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   appstream 
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                          0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   appstream 
hyperv-tools.noarch                                    0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   appstream 
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                    0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   appstream 
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                      0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   appstream 
hypervvssd.x86_64                                      0-0.34.20180415git.el8_7                                   appstream 
hyphen.i686                                            2.8.8-9.el8                                                appstream 
hyphen.x86_64                                          2.8.8-9.el8                                                appstream 
hyphen-af.noarch                                       0-0.16.20080714svn.el8                                     appstream 
hyphen-as.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-be.noarch                                       1.1-15.el8                                                 appstream 
hyphen-bg.noarch                                       4.3-13.el8                                                 appstream 
hyphen-bn.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-ca.noarch                                       1:0.9.3-14.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-cs.noarch                                       20080822-8.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-cy.noarch                                       0.20110620-12.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-da.noarch                                       0.20070903-17.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-de.noarch                                       0.20060120-19.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-el.noarch                                       0.20051018-17.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-en.noarch                                       2.8.8-9.el8                                                appstream 
hyphen-es.noarch                                       2.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
hyphen-et.noarch                                       0.20030606-19.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-eu.noarch                                       0.20110620-12.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-fa.noarch                                       0.20130404-9.el8                                           appstream 
hyphen-fo.noarch                                       0.20040420-13.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-fr.noarch                                       3.0-1.el8                                                  appstream 
hyphen-ga.noarch                                       0.20040220-16.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-gl.noarch                                       0.99-15.el8                                                appstream 
hyphen-grc.noarch                                      0.20110913-12.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-gu.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-hi.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-hr.noarch                                       1:0.20040608-17.el8                                        appstream 
hyphen-hsb.noarch                                      0.20110620-12.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-hu.noarch                                       0.20090612-19.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-ia.noarch                                       0.20050628-14.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-id.noarch                                       0.20040812-16.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-is.noarch                                       0.20030920-19.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-it.noarch                                       0.20071127-18.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-kn.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-ku.noarch                                       1.71.2-14.el8                                              appstream 
hyphen-lt.noarch                                       0.20100531-13.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-lv.noarch                                       1.0.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
hyphen-mi.noarch                                       0.20080630-16.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-ml.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-mn.noarch                                       0.20100531-13.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-mr.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-nb.noarch                                       1:2.0.10-7.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-nl.noarch                                       0.20050617-18.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-nn.noarch                                       1:2.0.10-7.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-or.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-12.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-pa.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-pl.noarch                                       0.20060726-17.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-pt.noarch                                       0.20021021-17.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-ro.noarch                                       3.3.6-13.el8                                               appstream 
hyphen-ru.noarch                                       0.20020727-17.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-sa.noarch                                       0.20110915-13.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-sk.noarch                                       0.20031227-18.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-sl.noarch                                       0.20070127-16.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-sr.noarch                                       0.20130330-10.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-sv.noarch                                       1.00.1-18.el8                                              appstream 
hyphen-ta.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-te.noarch                                       1:0.7.0-11.el8                                             appstream 
hyphen-tk.noarch                                       0.20110620-12.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-uk.noarch                                       0.20030903-16.el8                                          appstream 
hyphen-zu.noarch                                       0-0.16.20080714svn.el8                                     appstream 
i2c-tools.x86_64                                       4.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
i2c-tools-perl.x86_64                                  4.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
ibacm.i686                                             44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
ibacm.x86_64                                           44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
ibus.x86_64                                            1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-gtk2.i686                                         1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                       1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                       1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                     1.5.1-6.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                        1.5.22-9.el8                                               appstream 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                  1.10.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
ibus-libs.i686                                         1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-libs.x86_64                                       1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                  1.8.93-1.el8                                               appstream 
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                       1.3.4-26.el8                                               appstream 
ibus-sayura.x86_64                                     1.3.2-13.el8                                               appstream 
ibus-setup.noarch                                      1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
ibus-table.noarch                                      1.9.18-6.el8                                               appstream 
ibus-table-chinese.noarch                              1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-array.noarch                        1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-cangjie.noarch                      1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-cantonese.noarch                    1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-easy.noarch                         1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-erbi.noarch                         1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-quick.noarch                        1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-scj.noarch                          1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-stroke5.noarch                      1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-wu.noarch                           1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng.noarch                 1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian.noarch                  1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-yong.noarch                         1.8.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                             2.1.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
ibus-wayland.x86_64                                    1.5.19-14.el8_5                                            appstream 
icedax.x86_64                                          1.1.11-39.el8                                              appstream 
icedtea-web.x86_64                                     1.8.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
icedtea-web-javadoc.noarch                             1.8.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
icoutils.x86_64                                        0.32.3-2.el8                                               appstream 
icu.x86_64                                             60.3-2.el8_1                                               baseos    
idn2.x86_64                                            2.2.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                2.4-3.el8                                                  appstream 
ilmbase.i686                                           2.2.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
ilmbase.x86_64                                         2.2.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
ima-evm-utils.i686                                     1.3.2-12.el8                                               baseos    
ima-evm-utils0.i686                                    1.3.2-12.el8                                               baseos    
ima-evm-utils0.x86_64                                  1.3.2-12.el8                                               baseos    
infiniband-diags.i686                                  44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
infiniband-diags.x86_64                                44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
initial-setup.x86_64                                   0.3.81.7-1.el8.rocky                                       appstream 
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                               0.3.81.7-1.el8.rocky                                       appstream 
initscripts.x86_64                                     10.00.18-1.el8                                             baseos    
inkscape.x86_64                                        0.92.3-16.module+el8.6.0+805+841d2db4                      appstream 
inkscape-docs.x86_64                                   0.92.3-16.module+el8.6.0+805+841d2db4                      appstream 
inkscape-view.x86_64                                   0.92.3-16.module+el8.6.0+805+841d2db4                      appstream 
inkscape1.x86_64                                       1.0.2-2.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
inkscape1-docs.x86_64                                  1.0.2-2.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
inkscape1-view.x86_64                                  1.0.2-2.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
integritysetup.x86_64                                  2.3.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
intel-cmt-cat.i686                                     4.0.0-0.el8                                                baseos    
intel-cmt-cat.x86_64                                   4.0.0-0.el8                                                baseos    
intel-gpu-tools.x86_64                                 2.99.917-41.20210115.el8                                   appstream 
iotop.noarch                                           0.6-17.el8                                                 baseos    
iowatcher.x86_64                                       1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
ipa-client.x86_64                                      4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipa-client-common.noarch                               4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipa-client-epn.x86_64                                  4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipa-client-samba.x86_64                                4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipa-common.noarch                                      4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipa-healthcheck-core.noarch                            0.12-1.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                        appstream 
ipa-python-compat.noarch                               4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipa-selinux.noarch                                     4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
ipcalc.x86_64                                          0.2.4-4.el8                                                baseos    
iperf3.i686                                            3.5-7.el8_8                                                appstream 
iperf3.x86_64                                          3.5-7.el8_8                                                appstream 
ipmievd.x86_64                                         1.8.18-18.el8                                              appstream 
ipmitool.x86_64                                        1.8.18-18.el8                                              appstream 
iproute.x86_64                                         5.18.0-1.1.el8_8                                           baseos    
iproute-tc.x86_64                                      5.18.0-1.1.el8_8                                           baseos    
iprutils.x86_64                                        2.4.19-1.el8                                               baseos    
ipset.x86_64                                           7.1-1.el8                                                  baseos    
ipset-libs.i686                                        7.1-1.el8                                                  baseos    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                      7.1-1.el8                                                  baseos    
ipset-service.noarch                                   7.1-1.el8                                                  baseos    
iptables.i686                                          1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables.x86_64                                        1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-arptables.x86_64                              1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-devel.i686                                    1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-ebtables.x86_64                               1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-libs.i686                                     1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                   1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-services.x86_64                               1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptables-utils.x86_64                                  1.8.4-24.el8_8.2                                           baseos    
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                       1.2.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
iptstate.x86_64                                        2.2.6-6.el8                                                baseos    
iputils-ninfod.x86_64                                  20180629-10.el8                                            baseos    
ipvsadm.x86_64                                         1.31-1.el8                                                 appstream 
ipxe-bootimgs-aarch64.noarch                           20181214-11.git133f4c47.el8                                appstream 
ipxe-bootimgs-x86.noarch                               20181214-11.git133f4c47.el8                                appstream 
ipxe-roms.noarch                                       20181214-11.git133f4c47.el8                                appstream 
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                  20181214-11.git133f4c47.el8                                appstream 
irqbalance.x86_64                                      2:1.9.0-4.el8                                              baseos    
irssi.x86_64                                           1.1.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
iscsi-initiator-utils.i686                             6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.el8_8                                 baseos    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                           6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.el8_8                                 baseos    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                  6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.el8_8                                 baseos    
isl.i686                                               0.16.1-6.el8                                               appstream 
isns-utils.x86_64                                      0.99-1.el8                                                 baseos    
isns-utils-devel.i686                                  0.99-1.el8                                                 baseos    
isns-utils-devel.x86_64                                0.99-1.el8                                                 baseos    
isns-utils-libs.i686                                   0.99-1.el8                                                 baseos    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                 0.99-1.el8                                                 baseos    
iso-codes.noarch                                       3.79-2.el8                                                 appstream 
iso-codes-devel.noarch                                 3.79-2.el8                                                 appstream 
isomd5sum.x86_64                                       1:1.2.3-3.el8                                              appstream 
istack-commons-runtime.noarch                          2.21-9.el8                                                 appstream 
istack-commons-tools.noarch                            2.21-9.el8                                                 appstream 
itstool.noarch                                         2.0.6-2.el8                                                appstream 
iw.x86_64                                              4.14-5.el8                                                 baseos    
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                 39.31.5.1-117.el8_8.1                                      baseos    
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                1:39.31.5.1-117.el8_8.1                                    baseos    
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                 18.168.6.1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                 18.168.6.1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                18.168.6.1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                18.168.6.1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                1:25.30.13.0-117.el8_8.1                                   baseos    
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                15.32.2.9-117.el8_8.1                                      baseos    
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                228.61.2.24-117.el8_8.1                                    baseos    
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                8.83.5.1_1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                8.24.2.2-117.el8_8.1                                       baseos    
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                9.221.4.1-117.el8_8.1                                      baseos    
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                             18.168.6.1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                             18.168.6.1-117.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                41.28.5.1-117.el8_8.1                                      baseos    
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                1:25.30.13.0-117.el8_8.1                                   baseos    
iwpmd.x86_64                                           44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
jaf.noarch                                             1.2.1-5.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                        appstream 
jaf-javadoc.noarch                                     1.2.1-5.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                        appstream 
jakarta-activation2.noarch                             2.1.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jansi.noarch                                           1.17.1-1.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       appstream 
jansi-native.x86_64                                    1.7-7.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                          appstream 
jansson.i686                                           2.14-1.el8                                                 baseos    
jansson.x86_64                                         2.14-1.el8                                                 baseos    
jansson-devel.i686                                     2.14-1.el8                                                 appstream 
jansson-devel.x86_64                                   2.14-1.el8                                                 appstream 
jasper-libs.i686                                       2.0.14-5.el8                                               appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                              1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-accessibility.x86_64                1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo.x86_64                         1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.x86_64                        1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc.noarch                      1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc-zip.noarch                  1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src.x86_64                          1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                                 1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-demo.x86_64                            1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                           1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                        1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                         1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                     1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                           1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-src.x86_64                             1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-11-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                     1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el8_8                                      appstream 
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                                 1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-demo.x86_64                            1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-devel.x86_64                           1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                        1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                         1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                     1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                           1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-src.x86_64                             1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-17-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                     1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el8                                         appstream 
java-atk-wrapper.x86_64                                0.33.2-6.el8                                               appstream 
javapackages-tools.noarch                              5.3.0-2.module+el8.3.0+125+5da1ae29                        appstream 
jaxb-api4.noarch                                       4.0.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-codemodel.noarch                                  4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-core.noarch                                       4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-dtd-parser.noarch                                 1.5.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-istack-commons-runtime.noarch                     4.1.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-istack-commons-tools.noarch                       4.1.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-relaxng-datatype.noarch                           4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-rngom.noarch                                      4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-runtime.noarch                                    4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-txw2.noarch                                       4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-xjc.noarch                                        4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jaxb-xsom.noarch                                       4.0.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1269+5abb3350                       appstream 
jbig2dec-libs.i686                                     0.16-1.el8                                                 appstream 
jbigkit-libs.i686                                      2.1-14.el8                                                 appstream 
jboss-annotations-1.2-api.noarch                       1.0.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
jboss-interceptors-1.2-api.noarch                      1.0.0-8.module+el8.3.0+133+b8b54b58                        appstream 
jboss-jaxrs-2.0-api.noarch                             1.0.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
jboss-logging.noarch                                   3.3.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
jboss-logging-tools.noarch                             2.0.1-6.el8                                                appstream 
jcl-over-slf4j.noarch                                  1.7.25-4.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       appstream 
jctools.noarch                                         3.3.0-3.module+el8.6.0+895+381d2531                        appstream 
jdeparser.noarch                                       2.0.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
jigawatts.x86_64                                       1.21.0.0.0-3.el8                                           appstream 
jigawatts-javadoc.x86_64                               1.21.0.0.0-3.el8                                           appstream 
jimtcl.i686                                            0.77-6.el8.1                                               baseos    
jimtcl.x86_64                                          0.77-6.el8.1                                               baseos    
jline.noarch                                           2.14.6-2.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                       appstream 
jmc.x86_64                                             8.0.1-4.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        appstream 
jmc-core.noarch                                        8.0.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        appstream 
jmc-core-javadoc.noarch                                8.0.1-2.module+el8.5.0+676+5f023c1e                        appstream 
jolokia-jvm-agent.noarch                               1.6.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                 0.003-24.el8                                               appstream 
jose.x86_64                                            10-2.el8                                                   appstream 
jq.i686                                                1.6-6.el8                                                  appstream 
jq.x86_64                                              1.6-6.el8                                                  appstream 
js-d3-flame-graph.noarch                               4.0.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
json-c.i686                                            0.13.1-3.el8                                               baseos    
json-c-devel.i686                                      0.13.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
json-c-devel.x86_64                                    0.13.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
json-glib.i686                                         1.4.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
json-glib.x86_64                                       1.4.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
json-glib-devel.i686                                   1.4.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
json-glib-devel.x86_64                                 1.4.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
jsoup.noarch                                           1.11.3-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       appstream 
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                     1:7.200-2.el8.2                                            appstream 
kabi-dw.x86_64                                         0-0.10.20200515gitb52ac13.el8                              baseos    
kacst-art-fonts.noarch                                 2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-book-fonts.noarch                                2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-decorative-fonts.noarch                          2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-digital-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-farsi-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-fonts-common.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-letter-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-naskh-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-office-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-one-fonts.noarch                                 2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-pen-fonts.noarch                                 2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-poster-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-qurn-fonts.noarch                                2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-screen-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-title-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kacst-titlel-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                                 appstream 
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                            003-8.20220519gitffd365e.el8                               appstream 
keepalived.x86_64                                      2.1.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
kernel.x86_64                                          4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-abi-stablelists.noarch                          4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-core.x86_64                                     4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-cross-headers.x86_64                            4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-debug.x86_64                                    4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-debug-core.x86_64                               4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                              4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-debug-modules.x86_64                            4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-debug-modules-extra.x86_64                      4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                    4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-doc.noarch                                      4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                  4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                            4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-rpm-macros.noarch                               131-1.el8                                                  appstream 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                    4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                               4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
kernelshark.x86_64                                     2.7-10.el8                                                 appstream 
kexec-tools.x86_64                                     2.0.25-5.el8_8.1                                           baseos    
keybinder3.i686                                        0.3.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
keybinder3.x86_64                                      0.3.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch                   1.0-2.el8                                                  appstream 
keyutils.x86_64                                        1.5.10-9.el8                                               baseos    
keyutils-libs.i686                                     1.5.10-9.el8                                               baseos    
keyutils-libs-devel.i686                               1.5.10-9.el8                                               baseos    
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                             1.5.10-9.el8                                               baseos    
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                              5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-battambang-fonts.noarch                        5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-bokor-fonts.noarch                             5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-handwritten-fonts.noarch                       5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-metal-chrieng-fonts.noarch                     5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-muol-fonts.noarch                              5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
khmeros-siemreap-fonts.noarch                          5.0-25.el8                                                 appstream 
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                                       6.2.8.7-88.el8                                             baseos    
kmod-libs.i686                                         25-19.el8                                                  baseos    
kmod-redhat-oracleasm.x86_64                           8:2.0.8-17.el8                                             baseos    
koan.noarch                                            2.0.7.1-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
kpatch.noarch                                          0.9.7-2.el8                                                baseos    
kpatch-dnf.noarch                                      0.9.7_0.4-2.el8                                            baseos    
krb5-devel.i686                                        1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-devel.x86_64                                      1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-libs.i686                                         1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-pkinit.i686                                       1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                     1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-server.i686                                       1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-server.x86_64                                     1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-server-ldap.i686                                  1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-server-ldap.x86_64                                1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
ksc.noarch                                             1.9-2.el8                                                  baseos    
ksh.x86_64                                             20120801-257.el8                                           appstream 
kurdit-unikurd-web-fonts.noarch                        20020502-19.el8                                            appstream 
kyotocabinet-libs.i686                                 1.2.76-17.el8                                              appstream 
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                               1.2.76-17.el8                                              appstream 
lame-libs.i686                                         3.100-6.el8                                                appstream 
lame-libs.x86_64                                       3.100-6.el8                                                appstream 
langpacks-af.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-am.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ar.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-as.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ast.noarch                                   1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-be.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-bg.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-bn.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-br.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-bs.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ca.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-cs.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-cy.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-da.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-de.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-el.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-es.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-et.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-eu.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-fa.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-fi.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-fr.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ga.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-gl.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-gu.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-he.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-hi.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-hr.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-hu.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ia.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-id.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-is.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-it.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ja.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-kk.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-kn.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ko.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-lt.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-lv.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-mai.noarch                                   1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-mk.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ml.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-mr.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ms.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-nb.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ne.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-nl.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-nn.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-nr.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-nso.noarch                                   1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-or.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-pa.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-pl.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-pt.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-pt_BR.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ro.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ru.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-si.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-sk.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-sl.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-sq.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-sr.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ss.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-sv.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ta.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-te.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-th.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-tn.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-tr.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ts.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-uk.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ur.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-ve.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-vi.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-xh.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-zh_CN.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-zh_TW.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langpacks-zu.noarch                                    1.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
langtable.noarch                                       0.0.51-4.el8                                               appstream 
lapack.i686                                            3.8.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
lapack.x86_64                                          3.8.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
lapack64.x86_64                                        3.8.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
lasso.i686                                             2.6.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
lasso.x86_64                                           2.6.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
lato-fonts.noarch                                      2.015-5.el8                                                appstream 
lcms2.i686                                             2.9-2.el8                                                  appstream 
ldb-tools.x86_64                                       2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
ldns.i686                                              1.7.0-21.el8                                               appstream 
ldns.x86_64                                            1.7.0-21.el8                                               appstream 
leapp-deps.noarch                                      0.15.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
ledmon.x86_64                                          0.96-3.el8                                                 baseos    
lemon.x86_64                                           3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            appstream 
leptonica.i686                                         1.76.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
leptonica.x86_64                                       1.76.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
lftp.i686                                              4.8.4-2.el8                                                appstream 
lftp.x86_64                                            4.8.4-2.el8                                                appstream 
lftp-scripts.noarch                                    4.8.4-2.el8                                                appstream 
libICE.i686                                            1.0.9-15.el8                                               appstream 
libICE-devel.i686                                      1.0.9-15.el8                                               appstream 
libICE-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.9-15.el8                                               appstream 
libSM.i686                                             1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libSM-devel.i686                                       1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libSM-devel.x86_64                                     1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libX11.i686                                            1.6.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libX11-devel.i686                                      1.6.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libX11-devel.x86_64                                    1.6.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libX11-xcb.i686                                        1.6.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                      1.6.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libXNVCtrl.i686                                        352.21-9.el8                                               appstream 
libXNVCtrl.x86_64                                      352.21-9.el8                                               appstream 
libXScrnSaver.i686                                     1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                   1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.i686                               1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                             1.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXau.i686                                            1.0.9-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXau-devel.i686                                      1.0.9-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXau-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.9-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXaw.i686                                            1.0.13-10.el8                                              appstream 
libXaw-devel.i686                                      1.0.13-10.el8                                              appstream 
libXaw-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.13-10.el8                                              appstream 
libXcomposite.i686                                     0.4.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
libXcomposite-devel.i686                               0.4.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                             0.4.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
libXcursor.i686                                        1.1.15-3.el8                                               appstream 
libXcursor-devel.i686                                  1.1.15-3.el8                                               appstream 
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                                1.1.15-3.el8                                               appstream 
libXdamage.i686                                        1.1.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
libXdamage-devel.i686                                  1.1.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                                1.1.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
libXdmcp.i686                                          1.1.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXdmcp.x86_64                                        1.1.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXext.i686                                           1.3.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXext-devel.i686                                     1.3.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXext-devel.x86_64                                   1.3.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXfixes.i686                                         5.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXfixes-devel.i686                                   5.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                                 5.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXfont2.i686                                         2.0.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
libXfont2.x86_64                                       2.0.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
libXft.i686                                            2.3.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXft-devel.i686                                      2.3.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXft-devel.x86_64                                    2.3.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXi.i686                                             1.7.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
libXi-devel.i686                                       1.7.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
libXi-devel.x86_64                                     1.7.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
libXinerama.i686                                       1.1.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXinerama-devel.i686                                 1.1.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                               1.1.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXmu.i686                                            1.1.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXmu-devel.i686                                      1.1.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                    1.1.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXp.i686                                             1.0.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXp.x86_64                                           1.0.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXp-devel.i686                                       1.0.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXp-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
libXpm.i686                                            3.5.12-9.el8_7                                             appstream 
libXpm-devel.i686                                      3.5.12-9.el8_7                                             appstream 
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                    3.5.12-9.el8_7                                             appstream 
libXrandr.i686                                         1.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXrandr-devel.i686                                   1.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXrender.i686                                        0.9.10-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXrender-devel.i686                                  0.9.10-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXrender-devel.x86_64                                0.9.10-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXres.i686                                           1.2.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
libXres.x86_64                                         1.2.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
libXt.i686                                             1.1.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
libXt-devel.i686                                       1.1.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
libXt-devel.x86_64                                     1.1.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
libXtst.i686                                           1.2.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXtst.x86_64                                         1.2.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXtst-devel.i686                                     1.2.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libXv.i686                                             1.0.11-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXv.x86_64                                           1.0.11-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXv-devel.i686                                       1.0.11-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXv-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.11-7.el8                                               appstream 
libXvMC.i686                                           1.0.12-1.el8                                               appstream 
libXvMC.x86_64                                         1.0.12-1.el8                                               appstream 
libXxf86dga.i686                                       1.1.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                     1.1.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86dga-devel.i686                                 1.1.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                               1.1.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86misc.i686                                      1.0.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86misc-devel.i686                                1.0.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86misc-devel.x86_64                              1.0.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86vm.i686                                        1.1.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86vm-devel.i686                                  1.1.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                                1.1.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
liba52.i686                                            0.7.4-32.el8                                               appstream 
liba52.x86_64                                          0.7.4-32.el8                                               appstream 
libabw.i686                                            0.1.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
libabw.x86_64                                          0.1.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
libacl.i686                                            2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             baseos    
libacl-devel.i686                                      2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             baseos    
libacl-devel.x86_64                                    2.2.53-1.el8.1                                             baseos    
libadwaita-qt5.i686                                    1.2.1-4.el8                                                appstream 
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                  1.2.1-4.el8                                                appstream 
libaio.i686                                            0.3.112-1.el8                                              baseos    
libaio-devel.i686                                      0.3.112-1.el8                                              baseos    
libaio-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.112-1.el8                                              baseos    
libao.i686                                             1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libao.x86_64                                           1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libappindicator-gtk3.i686                              12.10.0-19.el8                                             appstream 
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                            12.10.0-19.el8                                             appstream 
libappstream-glib.i686                                 0.7.14-3.el8                                               baseos    
libappstream-glib.x86_64                               0.7.14-3.el8                                               baseos    
libarchive.i686                                        3.3.3-5.el8                                                baseos    
libasan.i686                                           8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libasan.x86_64                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libasan6.i686                                          11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
libasan6.x86_64                                        11.2.1-9.1.el8                                             appstream 
libasan8.i686                                          12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
libasan8.x86_64                                        12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
libassuan.i686                                         2.5.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libasyncns.i686                                        0.8-14.el8                                                 appstream 
libasyncns.x86_64                                      0.8-14.el8                                                 appstream 
libatasmart.i686                                       0.19-14.el8                                                appstream 
libatasmart.x86_64                                     0.19-14.el8                                                appstream 
libatomic.i686                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libatomic.x86_64                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libatomic-static.i686                                  8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libatomic-static.x86_64                                8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libatomic_ops.i686                                     7.6.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
libattr.i686                                           2.4.48-3.el8                                               baseos    
libattr-devel.i686                                     2.4.48-3.el8                                               baseos    
libattr-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.48-3.el8                                               baseos    
libavc1394.i686                                        0.5.4-7.el8                                                appstream 
libavc1394.x86_64                                      0.5.4-7.el8                                                appstream 
libbabeltrace.i686                                     1.5.4-4.el8                                                baseos    
libbase.noarch                                         1.1.3-18.el8                                               appstream 
libbasicobjects.i686                                   0.1.1-40.el8                                               baseos    
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                 0.1.1-40.el8                                               baseos    
libblkid.i686                                          2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libblkid-devel.i686                                    2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                  2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libblockdev.i686                                       2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev.x86_64                                     2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-crypto.i686                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-dm.i686                                    2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                  2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-fs.i686                                    2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                  2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-kbd.i686                                   2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                 2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-loop.i686                                  2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-lvm.i686                                   2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                 2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.i686                              2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                            2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-mdraid.i686                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-mpath.i686                                 2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                               2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.i686                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                              2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-part.i686                                  2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                         2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-swap.i686                                  2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-utils.i686                                 2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                               2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-vdo.i686                                   2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libblockdev-vdo.x86_64                                 2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
libbluray.i686                                         1.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
libbluray.x86_64                                       1.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
libbpf.i686                                            0.5.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libbpf.x86_64                                          0.5.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libburn.i686                                           1.4.8-3.el8                                                appstream 
libburn.x86_64                                         1.4.8-3.el8                                                appstream 
libbytesize.i686                                       1.4-3.el8                                                  appstream 
libbytesize.x86_64                                     1.4-3.el8                                                  appstream 
libcacard.i686                                         3:2.7.0-2.el8_1                                            appstream 
libcacard.x86_64                                       3:2.7.0-2.el8_1                                            appstream 
libcacard-devel.i686                                   3:2.7.0-2.el8_1                                            appstream 
libcacard-devel.x86_64                                 3:2.7.0-2.el8_1                                            appstream 
libcanberra.i686                                       0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra.x86_64                                     0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra-devel.i686                                 0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra-devel.x86_64                               0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                  0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                  0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                0.30-18.el8                                                appstream 
libcap.i686                                            2.48-5.el8_8                                               baseos    
libcap-devel.i686                                      2.48-5.el8_8                                               baseos    
libcap-devel.x86_64                                    2.48-5.el8_8                                               baseos    
libcap-ng.i686                                         0.7.11-1.el8                                               baseos    
libcap-ng-devel.i686                                   0.7.11-1.el8                                               baseos    
libcap-ng-devel.x86_64                                 0.7.11-1.el8                                               baseos    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                               0.7.11-1.el8                                               baseos    
libcap-ng-utils.x86_64                                 0.7.11-1.el8                                               baseos    
libcdio.i686                                           2.0.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
libcdio.x86_64                                         2.0.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
libcdio-paranoia.i686                                  10.2+0.94+2-3.el8                                          appstream 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                10.2+0.94+2-3.el8                                          appstream 
libcdr.i686                                            0.1.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
libcdr.x86_64                                          0.1.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
libcgroup.i686                                         0.41-19.el8                                                baseos    
libcgroup.x86_64                                       0.41-19.el8                                                baseos    
libcgroup-pam.x86_64                                   0.41-19.el8                                                baseos    
libcgroup-tools.x86_64                                 0.41-19.el8                                                baseos    
libcmis.i686                                           0.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libcmis.x86_64                                         0.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.i686                                   2.0.3-15.el8                                               appstream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.x86_64                                 2.0.3-15.el8                                               appstream 
libcollection.i686                                     0.7.0-40.el8                                               baseos    
libcollection.x86_64                                   0.7.0-40.el8                                               baseos    
libcom_err.i686                                        1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
libcom_err-devel.i686                                  1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                                1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
libcomps.i686                                          0.1.18-1.el8                                               baseos    
libconfig.i686                                         1.5-9.el8                                                  baseos    
libconfig.x86_64                                       1.5-9.el8                                                  baseos    
libcroco.i686                                          0.6.12-4.el8_2.1                                           baseos    
libcurl.i686                                           7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          baseos    
libcurl.x86_64                                         7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          baseos    
libcurl-devel.i686                                     7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          baseos    
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                   7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          baseos    
libcurl-minimal.i686                                   7.61.1-30.el8_8.3                                          baseos    
libdaemon.i686                                         0.14-15.el8                                                baseos    
libdaemon.x86_64                                       0.14-15.el8                                                baseos    
libdatrie.i686                                         0.2.9-7.el8                                                appstream 
libdazzle.i686                                         3.28.5-2.el8                                               appstream 
libdazzle.x86_64                                       3.28.5-2.el8                                               appstream 
libdb.i686                                             5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            baseos    
libdb-devel.i686                                       5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            appstream 
libdb-devel.x86_64                                     5.3.28-42.el8_4                                            appstream 
libdbusmenu.i686                                       16.04.0-12.el8                                             appstream 
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                     16.04.0-12.el8                                             appstream 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                  16.04.0-12.el8                                             appstream 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                16.04.0-12.el8                                             appstream 
libdc1394.i686                                         2.2.2-10.el8                                               appstream 
libdc1394.x86_64                                       2.2.2-10.el8                                               appstream 
libdhash.i686                                          0.5.0-40.el8                                               baseos    
libdhash.x86_64                                        0.5.0-40.el8                                               baseos    
libdmapsharing.i686                                    2.9.37-5.el8                                               appstream 
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                  2.9.37-5.el8                                               appstream 
libdmmp.i686                                           0.8.4-37.el8                                               baseos    
libdmmp.x86_64                                         0.8.4-37.el8                                               baseos    
libdmx.i686                                            1.1.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
libdmx.x86_64                                          1.1.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
libdnet.i686                                           1.12-26.el8                                                appstream 
libdnet.x86_64                                         1.12-26.el8                                                appstream 
libdnf.i686                                            0.63.0-14.el8_8                                            baseos    
libdrm.i686                                            2.4.114-1.el8                                              appstream 
libdrm.x86_64                                          2.4.114-1.el8                                              appstream 
libdrm-devel.i686                                      2.4.114-1.el8                                              appstream 
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                    2.4.114-1.el8                                              appstream 
libdv.i686                                             1.0.0-27.el8                                               appstream 
libdv.x86_64                                           1.0.0-27.el8                                               appstream 
libdvdnav.i686                                         5.0.3-8.el8                                                appstream 
libdvdnav.x86_64                                       5.0.3-8.el8                                                appstream 
libdvdread.i686                                        5.0.3-9.el8                                                appstream 
libdvdread.x86_64                                      5.0.3-9.el8                                                appstream 
libdwarf.i686                                          20180129-4.el8                                             appstream 
libdwarf.x86_64                                        20180129-4.el8                                             appstream 
libeasyfc.i686                                         0.14.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libeasyfc.x86_64                                       0.14.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libeasyfc-gobject.i686                                 0.14.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libeasyfc-gobject.x86_64                               0.14.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libecap.x86_64                                         1.0.1-2.module+el8.4.0+404+316a0dc5                        appstream 
libecap-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.1-2.module+el8.4.0+404+316a0dc5                        appstream 
libecpg.i686                                           13.5-3.el8                                                 appstream 
libecpg.x86_64                                         13.5-3.el8                                                 appstream 
libedit.i686                                           3.1-23.20170329cvs.el8                                     baseos    
libepoxy.i686                                          1.5.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
libepoxy.x86_64                                        1.5.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
libepoxy-devel.i686                                    1.5.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                  1.5.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
libepubgen.i686                                        0.1.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
libepubgen.x86_64                                      0.1.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
liberation-fonts.noarch                                1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             baseos    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                         1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             baseos    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                           1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             baseos    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                         1.07.5-2.el8                                               baseos    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                           1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             baseos    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                          1:2.00.3-7.el8                                             baseos    
libertas-sd8686-firmware.noarch                        20230404-117.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             baseos    
libertas-sd8787-firmware.noarch                        20230404-117.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             baseos    
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                       2:20230404-117.git2e92a49f.el8_8                           baseos    
libertas-usb8388-olpc-firmware.noarch                  20230404-117.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             baseos    
libestr.i686                                           0.1.10-3.el8                                               appstream 
libestr.x86_64                                         0.1.10-3.el8                                               appstream 
libetonyek.i686                                        0.1.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
libetonyek.x86_64                                      0.1.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
libev.i686                                             4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libev.x86_64                                           4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libev-devel.i686                                       4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libev-devel.x86_64                                     4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libev-libevent-devel.i686                              4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libev-libevent-devel.x86_64                            4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libev-source.noarch                                    4.24-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libevdev.i686                                          1.10.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libevdev.x86_64                                        1.10.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libevent.i686                                          2.1.8-5.el8                                                baseos    
libevent.x86_64                                        2.1.8-5.el8                                                baseos    
libevent-devel.i686                                    2.1.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libevent-devel.x86_64                                  2.1.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libevent-doc.noarch                                    2.1.8-5.el8                                                baseos    
libexif.i686                                           0.6.22-5.el8_3                                             appstream 
libexif.x86_64                                         0.6.22-5.el8_3                                             appstream 
libexttextcat.i686                                     3.4.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
libexttextcat.x86_64                                   3.4.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
libfabric.i686                                         1.17.0-3.el8.1                                             baseos    
libfabric.x86_64                                       1.17.0-3.el8.1                                             baseos    
libfastjson.i686                                       0.99.9-1.el8                                               appstream 
libfastjson.x86_64                                     0.99.9-1.el8                                               appstream 
libfdisk.i686                                          2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libfdisk-devel.i686                                    2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libfdisk-devel.x86_64                                  2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libfdt.i686                                            1.6.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libfdt.x86_64                                          1.6.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libffi.i686                                            3.1-24.el8                                                 baseos    
libffi-devel.i686                                      3.1-24.el8                                                 baseos    
libffi-devel.x86_64                                    3.1-24.el8                                                 baseos    
libfontenc.i686                                        1.1.3-8.el8                                                appstream 
libfonts.noarch                                        1.1.3-21.el8                                               appstream 
libformula.noarch                                      1.1.3-18.el8                                               appstream 
libfprint.i686                                         1.90.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
libfprint.x86_64                                       1.90.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
libfreehand.i686                                       0.1.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
libfreehand.x86_64                                     0.1.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
libgcab1.i686                                          1.1-1.el8                                                  baseos    
libgcab1.x86_64                                        1.1-1.el8                                                  baseos    
libgcc.i686                                            8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libgcrypt.i686                                         1.8.5-7.el8_6                                              baseos    
libgcrypt-devel.i686                                   1.8.5-7.el8_6                                              baseos    
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                                 1.8.5-7.el8_6                                              baseos    
libgdata.i686                                          0.17.9-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgdata.x86_64                                        0.17.9-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgdata-devel.i686                                    0.17.9-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgdata-devel.x86_64                                  0.17.9-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgdither.i686                                        0.6-17.el8                                                 appstream 
libgdither.x86_64                                      0.6-17.el8                                                 appstream 
libgee.i686                                            0.20.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
libgee.x86_64                                          0.20.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
libgexiv2.i686                                         0.10.8-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgexiv2.x86_64                                       0.10.8-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgfortran.i686                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libgfortran.x86_64                                     8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libgit2.i686                                           0.26.8-2.el8                                               appstream 
libgit2.x86_64                                         0.26.8-2.el8                                               appstream 
libgit2-glib.i686                                      0.26.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
libgit2-glib.x86_64                                    0.26.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
libglvnd.i686                                          1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd.x86_64                                        1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-core-devel.i686                               1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                             1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-devel.i686                                    1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                  1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-egl.i686                                      1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                    1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-gles.i686                                     1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                   1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-glx.i686                                      1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                    1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                   1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                 1:1.3.4-1.el8                                              appstream 
libgnomekbd.i686                                       3.26.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                     3.26.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgomp.i686                                           8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libgomp-offload-nvptx.x86_64                           8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libgovirt.i686                                         0.3.7-4.el8                                                appstream 
libgovirt.x86_64                                       0.3.7-4.el8                                                appstream 
libgpg-error.i686                                      1.31-1.el8                                                 baseos    
libgpg-error-devel.i686                                1.31-1.el8                                                 baseos    
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                              1.31-1.el8                                                 baseos    
libgphoto2.i686                                        2.5.16-3.el8                                               appstream 
libgphoto2.x86_64                                      2.5.16-3.el8                                               appstream 
libgpod.i686                                           0.8.3-24.el8                                               appstream 
libgpod.x86_64                                         0.8.3-24.el8                                               appstream 
libgs.i686                                             9.27-6.el8                                                 appstream 
libgsf.i686                                            1.14.41-5.el8                                              appstream 
libgsf.x86_64                                          1.14.41-5.el8                                              appstream 
libgtop2.i686                                          2.38.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
libgtop2.x86_64                                        2.38.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
libgudev.i686                                          232-4.el8                                                  baseos    
libgudev.x86_64                                        232-4.el8                                                  baseos    
libguestfs.x86_64                                      1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                            1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-bash-completion.noarch                      1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-devel.x86_64                                1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-gfs2.x86_64                                 1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-gobject.x86_64                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-gobject-devel.x86_64                        1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-inspect-icons.noarch                        1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-java.x86_64                                 1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-java-devel.x86_64                           1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-javadoc.noarch                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-man-pages-ja.noarch                         1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-man-pages-uk.noarch                         1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-rescue.x86_64                               1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-rsync.x86_64                                1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-tools.noarch                                1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-tools-c.x86_64                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libguestfs-winsupport.x86_64                           8.8-2.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                         appstream 
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                  1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
libgusb.i686                                           0.3.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libgusb.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libgweather.i686                                       3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgweather.x86_64                                     3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgweather-devel.i686                                 3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgweather-devel.x86_64                               3.28.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
libgxps.i686                                           0.3.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
libgxps.x86_64                                         0.3.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
libhangul.i686                                         0.1.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
libhangul.x86_64                                       0.1.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
libhbaapi.i686                                         2.2.9-13.el8                                               baseos    
libhbaapi.x86_64                                       2.2.9-13.el8                                               baseos    
libhbalinux.i686                                       1.0.17-7.el8                                               baseos    
libhbalinux.x86_64                                     1.0.17-7.el8                                               baseos    
libhbalinux-devel.i686                                 1.0.17-7.el8                                               baseos    
libhbalinux-devel.x86_64                               1.0.17-7.el8                                               baseos    
libhugetlbfs.x86_64                                    2.21-17.el8                                                baseos    
libhugetlbfs-devel.i686                                2.21-17.el8                                                baseos    
libhugetlbfs-devel.x86_64                              2.21-17.el8                                                baseos    
libhugetlbfs-utils.x86_64                              2.21-17.el8                                                baseos    
libi2c.i686                                            4.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
libi2c.x86_64                                          4.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
libibumad.i686                                         44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
libibumad.x86_64                                       44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
libibverbs.i686                                        44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
libibverbs.x86_64                                      44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
libibverbs-utils.x86_64                                44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
libical.i686                                           3.0.3-3.el8                                                baseos    
libical.x86_64                                         3.0.3-3.el8                                                baseos    
libical-devel.i686                                     3.0.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
libical-devel.x86_64                                   3.0.3-3.el8                                                appstream 
libicu.i686                                            60.3-2.el8_1                                               baseos    
libicu-devel.i686                                      60.3-2.el8_1                                               baseos    
libicu-devel.x86_64                                    60.3-2.el8_1                                               baseos    
libicu-doc.noarch                                      60.3-2.el8_1                                               baseos    
libidn.i686                                            1.34-5.el8                                                 appstream 
libidn2.i686                                           2.2.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libidn2-devel.i686                                     2.2.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libidn2-devel.x86_64                                   2.2.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libiec61883.i686                                       1.2.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libiec61883.x86_64                                     1.2.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libieee1284.i686                                       0.2.11-28.el8                                              appstream 
libieee1284.x86_64                                     0.2.11-28.el8                                              appstream 
libieee1284-devel.i686                                 0.2.11-28.el8                                              appstream 
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                               0.2.11-28.el8                                              appstream 
libijs.i686                                            0.35-5.el8                                                 appstream 
libimobiledevice.i686                                  1.2.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                1.2.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
libindicator-gtk3.i686                                 12.10.1-14.el8                                             appstream 
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                               12.10.1-14.el8                                             appstream 
libini_config.i686                                     1.3.1-40.el8                                               baseos    
libini_config.x86_64                                   1.3.1-40.el8                                               baseos    
libinput.i686                                          1.16.3-3.el8_6                                             appstream 
libinput.x86_64                                        1.16.3-3.el8_6                                             appstream 
libinput-utils.x86_64                                  1.16.3-3.el8_6                                             appstream 
libipa_hbac.i686                                       2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libipt.i686                                            1.6.1-8.el8                                                appstream 
libiptcdata.i686                                       1.0.4-21.el8                                               appstream 
libiptcdata.x86_64                                     1.0.4-21.el8                                               appstream 
libiscsi.x86_64                                        1.18.0-8.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
libiscsi-devel.x86_64                                  1.18.0-8.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
libiscsi-utils.x86_64                                  1.18.0-8.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
libisoburn.i686                                        1.4.8-4.el8                                                appstream 
libisoburn.x86_64                                      1.4.8-4.el8                                                appstream 
libisofs.i686                                          1.4.8-3.el8                                                appstream 
libisofs.x86_64                                        1.4.8-3.el8                                                appstream 
libitm.i686                                            8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libitm.x86_64                                          8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libitm-devel.i686                                      8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libitm-devel.x86_64                                    8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libjose.i686                                           10-2.el8                                                   appstream 
libjose.x86_64                                         10-2.el8                                                   appstream 
libjose-devel.i686                                     10-2.el8                                                   appstream 
libjose-devel.x86_64                                   10-2.el8                                                   appstream 
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                     1.5.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.i686                               1.5.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                             1.5.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                             1.5.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
libkadm5.i686                                          1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
libkadm5.x86_64                                        1.18.2-25.el8_8                                            baseos    
libkcapi.i686                                          1.2.0-2.el8                                                baseos    
libkeepalive.x86_64                                    0.3-8.el8                                                  baseos    
libkkc.i686                                            0.3.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
libkkc.x86_64                                          0.3.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
libkkc-common.noarch                                   0.3.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
libkkc-data.x86_64                                     1:0.2.7-12.el8                                             appstream 
libksba.i686                                           1.3.5-9.el8_7                                              baseos    
liblangtag.i686                                        0.6.2-8.el8                                                appstream 
liblangtag.x86_64                                      0.6.2-8.el8                                                appstream 
liblangtag-data.noarch                                 0.6.2-8.el8                                                appstream 
liblayout.noarch                                       0.2.10-17.el8                                              appstream 
libldb.i686                                            2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
libldb.x86_64                                          2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
libldb-devel.i686                                      2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
libldb-devel.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
libloader.noarch                                       1.1.3-17.el8                                               appstream 
liblockfile.i686                                       1.14-2.el8                                                 baseos    
liblockfile.x86_64                                     1.14-2.el8                                                 baseos    
liblognorm.i686                                        2.0.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
liblognorm.x86_64                                      2.0.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
liblognorm-doc.x86_64                                  2.0.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
liblouis.i686                                          2.6.2-21.el8                                               appstream 
liblouis.x86_64                                        2.6.2-21.el8                                               appstream 
liblsan.x86_64                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libluksmeta.i686                                       9-4.el8                                                    appstream 
libluksmeta.x86_64                                     9-4.el8                                                    appstream 
libluksmeta-devel.i686                                 9-4.el8                                                    appstream 
libluksmeta-devel.x86_64                               9-4.el8                                                    appstream 
libmad.i686                                            0.15.1b-25.el8                                             appstream 
libmad.x86_64                                          0.15.1b-25.el8                                             appstream 
libmalaga.i686                                         7.12-23.el8                                                appstream 
libmalaga.x86_64                                       7.12-23.el8                                                appstream 
libmatchbox.i686                                       1.9-23.el8                                                 appstream 
libmatchbox.x86_64                                     1.9-23.el8                                                 appstream 
libmaxminddb.i686                                      1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                    1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libmaxminddb-devel.i686                                1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libmaxminddb-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libmbim.i686                                           1.28.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
libmbim.x86_64                                         1.28.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                   1.28.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
libmcpp.i686                                           2.7.2-20.el8                                               appstream 
libmediaart.i686                                       1.9.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
libmediaart.x86_64                                     1.9.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
libmemcached.x86_64                                    1.0.18-17.el8                                              appstream 
libmemcached-libs.i686                                 1.0.18-17.el8                                              appstream 
libmemcached-libs.x86_64                               1.0.18-17.el8                                              appstream 
libmetalink.i686                                       0.1.3-7.el8                                                baseos    
libmetalink.x86_64                                     0.1.3-7.el8                                                baseos    
libmicrohttpd.i686                                     1:0.9.59-2.el8                                             baseos    
libmicrohttpd.x86_64                                   1:0.9.59-2.el8                                             baseos    
libmng.i686                                            2.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libmng.x86_64                                          2.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libmng-devel.i686                                      2.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libmng-devel.x86_64                                    2.0.3-7.el8                                                appstream 
libmnl.i686                                            1.0.4-6.el8                                                baseos    
libmnl.x86_64                                          1.0.4-6.el8                                                baseos    
libmnl-devel.i686                                      1.0.4-6.el8                                                appstream 
libmnl-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.4-6.el8                                                appstream 
libmodman.i686                                         2.0.1-17.el8                                               baseos    
libmodman.x86_64                                       2.0.1-17.el8                                               baseos    
libmodulemd.i686                                       2.13.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
libmodulemd1.i686                                      1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1                                          baseos    
libmodulemd1.x86_64                                    1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1                                          baseos    
libmount.i686                                          2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libmpc.i686                                            1.1.0-9.1.el8                                              appstream 
libmpc-devel.i686                                      1.1.0-9.1.el8                                              appstream 
libmpc-devel.x86_64                                    1.1.0-9.1.el8                                              appstream 
libmpcdec.i686                                         1.2.6-20.el8                                               appstream 
libmpcdec.x86_64                                       1.2.6-20.el8                                               appstream 
libmspack.i686                                         0.7-0.3.alpha.el8.4                                        appstream 
libmspack.x86_64                                       0.7-0.3.alpha.el8.4                                        appstream 
libmspub.i686                                          0.1.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libmspub.x86_64                                        0.1.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libmtp.i686                                            1.1.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
libmtp.x86_64                                          1.1.14-3.el8                                               appstream 
libmusicbrainz5.i686                                   5.1.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                                 5.1.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libmwaw.i686                                           0.3.14-1.el8                                               appstream 
libmwaw.x86_64                                         0.3.14-1.el8                                               appstream 
libnbd.x86_64                                          1.6.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
libnbd-bash-completion.noarch                          1.6.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
libnbd-devel.x86_64                                    1.6.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
libndp.i686                                            1.7-6.el8                                                  baseos    
libndp.x86_64                                          1.7-6.el8                                                  baseos    
libnet.i686                                            1.1.6-15.el8                                               appstream 
libnet.x86_64                                          1.1.6-15.el8                                               appstream 
libnetapi.i686                                         4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
libnetapi.x86_64                                       4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
libnetfilter_conntrack.i686                            1.0.6-5.el8                                                baseos    
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                          1.0.6-5.el8                                                baseos    
libnetfilter_cthelper.i686                             1.0.0-15.el8                                               baseos    
libnetfilter_cthelper.x86_64                           1.0.0-15.el8                                               baseos    
libnetfilter_cttimeout.i686                            1.0.0-11.el8                                               baseos    
libnetfilter_cttimeout.x86_64                          1.0.0-11.el8                                               baseos    
libnetfilter_queue.i686                                1.0.4-3.el8                                                baseos    
libnetfilter_queue.x86_64                              1.0.4-3.el8                                                baseos    
libnfnetlink.i686                                      1.0.1-13.el8                                               baseos    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                    1.0.1-13.el8                                               baseos    
libnfsidmap.i686                                       1:2.3.3-59.el8                                             baseos    
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                     1:2.3.3-59.el8                                             baseos    
libnftnl.i686                                          1.1.5-5.el8                                                baseos    
libnftnl.x86_64                                        1.1.5-5.el8                                                baseos    
libnghttp2.i686                                        1.33.0-3.el8_3.1                                           baseos    
libnice.i686                                           0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                            appstream 
libnice.x86_64                                         0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                            appstream 
libnice-gstreamer1.i686                                0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                            appstream 
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                              0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                            appstream 
libnl3.i686                                            3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnl3.x86_64                                          3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnl3-cli.i686                                        3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                      3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnl3-devel.i686                                      3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnl3-devel.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnl3-doc.x86_64                                      3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
libnma.i686                                            1.8.38-1.el8                                               appstream 
libnma.x86_64                                          1.8.38-1.el8                                               appstream 
libnotify.i686                                         0.7.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
libnotify.x86_64                                       0.7.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
libnotify-devel.i686                                   0.7.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
libnotify-devel.x86_64                                 0.7.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
libnsl.i686                                            2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
libnsl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
libnsl2.i686                                           1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                             baseos    
libnumbertext.i686                                     1.0.6-2.el8                                                appstream 
libnumbertext.x86_64                                   1.0.6-2.el8                                                appstream 
liboauth.i686                                          1.0.3-9.el8                                                appstream 
liboauth.x86_64                                        1.0.3-9.el8                                                appstream 
liboauth-devel.i686                                    1.0.3-9.el8                                                appstream 
liboauth-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.3-9.el8                                                appstream 
libodfgen.i686                                         0.1.6-11.el8                                               appstream 
libodfgen.x86_64                                       0.1.6-11.el8                                               appstream 
libogg.i686                                            2:1.3.2-10.el8                                             appstream 
libogg.x86_64                                          2:1.3.2-10.el8                                             appstream 
libogg-devel.i686                                      2:1.3.2-10.el8                                             appstream 
libogg-devel.x86_64                                    2:1.3.2-10.el8                                             appstream 
libomp.i686                                            15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
libomp.x86_64                                          15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
libomp-devel.i686                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
libomp-devel.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
libomp-test.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
libopenraw.i686                                        0.1.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
libopenraw.x86_64                                      0.1.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
liborcus.i686                                          0.15.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
liborcus.x86_64                                        0.15.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
libosinfo.i686                                         1.9.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
libosinfo.x86_64                                       1.9.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
libotf.i686                                            0.9.13-11.el8                                              appstream 
libotf.x86_64                                          0.9.13-11.el8                                              appstream 
libpagemaker.i686                                      0.0.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
libpagemaker.x86_64                                    0.0.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
libpaper.i686                                          1.1.24-22.el8                                              appstream 
libpath_utils.i686                                     0.2.1-40.el8                                               baseos    
libpath_utils.x86_64                                   0.2.1-40.el8                                               baseos    
libpcap.i686                                           14:1.9.1-5.el8                                             baseos    
libpcap.x86_64                                         14:1.9.1-5.el8                                             baseos    
libpciaccess.i686                                      0.14-1.el8                                                 baseos    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                    0.14-1.el8                                                 baseos    
libpciaccess-devel.i686                                0.14-1.el8                                                 appstream 
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                              0.14-1.el8                                                 appstream 
libpeas.i686                                           1.22.0-6.el8                                               baseos    
libpeas.x86_64                                         1.22.0-6.el8                                               baseos    
libpeas-gtk.i686                                       1.22.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                     1.22.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
libpeas-loader-python3.i686                            1.22.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                          1.22.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
libpfm.i686                                            4.10.1-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpfm.x86_64                                          4.10.1-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpfm-devel.i686                                      4.10.1-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpfm-devel.x86_64                                    4.10.1-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpgtypes.i686                                        13.5-3.el8                                                 appstream 
libpgtypes.x86_64                                      13.5-3.el8                                                 appstream 
libpinyin.i686                                         2.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
libpinyin.x86_64                                       2.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
libpinyin-data.i686                                    2.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                  2.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
libpipeline.i686                                       1.5.0-2.el8                                                baseos    
libpipeline.x86_64                                     1.5.0-2.el8                                                baseos    
libpkgconf.i686                                        1.4.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
libplist.i686                                          2.0.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libplist.x86_64                                        2.0.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
libpmem.x86_64                                         1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmem-devel.x86_64                                   1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmemblk.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmemblk-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmemlog.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmemlog-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmemobj.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmemobj++-devel.x86_64                              1.6-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libpmemobj++-doc.x86_64                                1.6-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libpmemobj-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmempool.x86_64                                     1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpmempool-devel.x86_64                               1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libpng.i686                                            2:1.6.34-5.el8                                             baseos    
libpng-devel.i686                                      2:1.6.34-5.el8                                             baseos    
libpng-devel.x86_64                                    2:1.6.34-5.el8                                             baseos    
libpng12.i686                                          1.2.57-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpng12.x86_64                                        1.2.57-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpng15.i686                                          1.5.30-7.el8                                               appstream 
libpng15.x86_64                                        1.5.30-7.el8                                               appstream 
libpq.i686                                             13.5-1.el8                                                 appstream 
libpq.x86_64                                           13.5-1.el8                                                 appstream 
libpq-devel.i686                                       13.5-1.el8                                                 appstream 
libpq-devel.x86_64                                     13.5-1.el8                                                 appstream 
libproxy.i686                                          0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             baseos    
libproxy.x86_64                                        0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             baseos    
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                    0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             appstream 
libproxy-gnome.x86_64                                  0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             appstream 
libproxy-networkmanager.x86_64                         0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             appstream 
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                             0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             appstream 
libpsl.i686                                            0.20.2-6.el8                                               baseos    
libpsl.x86_64                                          0.20.2-6.el8                                               baseos    
libpsm2.x86_64                                         11.2.230-1.el8.1                                           baseos    
libpsm2-compat.x86_64                                  11.2.230-1.el8.1                                           baseos    
libpst-libs.i686                                       0.6.71-8.el8                                               appstream 
libpst-libs.x86_64                                     0.6.71-8.el8                                               appstream 
libpurple.i686                                         2.13.0-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpurple.x86_64                                       2.13.0-5.el8                                               appstream 
libpwquality.i686                                      1.4.4-6.el8                                                baseos    
libqb.i686                                             1.0.3-13.el8_7                                             baseos    
libqb.x86_64                                           1.0.3-13.el8_7                                             baseos    
libqb-devel.i686                                       1.0.3-13.el8_7                                             baseos    
libqb-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.3-13.el8_7                                             baseos    
libqmi.i686                                            1.32.2-3.el8                                               baseos    
libqmi.x86_64                                          1.32.2-3.el8                                               baseos    
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                    1.32.2-3.el8                                               baseos    
libquadmath.i686                                       8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libquadmath.x86_64                                     8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libquadmath-devel.i686                                 8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                               8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libquvi.i686                                           0.9.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
libquvi.x86_64                                         0.9.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
libquvi-scripts.noarch                                 0.9.20131130-9.el8                                         appstream 
libqxp.i686                                            0.0.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
libqxp.x86_64                                          0.0.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
librabbitmq.i686                                       0.9.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
librabbitmq.x86_64                                     0.9.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
librados2.i686                                         1:12.2.7-9.el8                                             appstream 
librados2.x86_64                                       1:12.2.7-9.el8                                             appstream 
libraw1394.i686                                        2.1.2-5.el8                                                appstream 
libraw1394.x86_64                                      2.1.2-5.el8                                                appstream 
librbd1.i686                                           1:12.2.7-9.el8                                             appstream 
librbd1.x86_64                                         1:12.2.7-9.el8                                             appstream 
librdkafka.i686                                        0.11.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
librdkafka.x86_64                                      0.11.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
librdmacm.i686                                         44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
librdmacm.x86_64                                       44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
librdmacm-utils.x86_64                                 44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
libref_array.i686                                      0.1.5-40.el8                                               baseos    
libref_array.x86_64                                    0.1.5-40.el8                                               baseos    
librelp.i686                                           1.9.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
librelp.x86_64                                         1.9.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libreoffice.x86_64                                     1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-base.x86_64                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-data.noarch                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                          1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-gdb-debug-support.x86_64                   1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                       1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ar.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-bg.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-bn.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ca.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-cs.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-da.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-de.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-dz.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-el.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-es.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-et.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-eu.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-fi.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-fr.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-gl.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-gu.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-he.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-hi.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-hr.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-hu.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-id.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-it.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ja.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ko.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-lt.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-lv.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-nb.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-nl.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-nn.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-pl.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-pt-BR.x86_64                          1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-pt-PT.x86_64                          1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ro.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ru.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-si.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-sk.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-sl.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-sv.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-ta.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-tr.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-uk.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hans.x86_64                        1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hant.x86_64                        1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                             1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-af.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ar.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-as.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-bg.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-bn.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-br.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ca.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-cs.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-cy.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-da.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-de.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-dz.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-el.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-es.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-et.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-eu.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fa.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fi.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fr.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ga.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-gl.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-gu.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-he.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-hi.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-hr.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-hu.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-id.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-it.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ja.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-kk.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-kn.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ko.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-lt.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-lv.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-mai.x86_64                        1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ml.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-mr.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nb.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nl.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nn.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nr.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nso.x86_64                        1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-or.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pa.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pl.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-BR.x86_64                      1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-PT.x86_64                      1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ro.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ru.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-si.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sk.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sl.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sr.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ss.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-st.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sv.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ta.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-te.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-th.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-tn.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-tr.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ts.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-uk.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ve.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-xh.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hans.x86_64                    1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hant.x86_64                    1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-zu.x86_64                         1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-math.x86_64                                1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                            1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                    1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                           1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                               1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                 1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                          1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-voikko.x86_64                              5.0-6.el8                                                  appstream 
libreoffice-wiki-publisher.x86_64                      1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                              1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                 1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                          1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
libreofficekit.x86_64                                  1:6.4.7.2-13.el8                                           appstream 
librepo.i686                                           1.14.2-4.el8                                               baseos    
libreport.i686                                         2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport.x86_64                                       2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                              2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-cli.x86_64                                   2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-gtk.i686                                     2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                   2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-newt.x86_64                                  2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                       2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                     2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                         2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-mailx.x86_64                          2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                 2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-rhtsupport.x86_64                     2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                        2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-rhel.x86_64                                  2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-rhel-anaconda-bugzilla.x86_64                2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-rhel-bugzilla.x86_64                         2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-web.i686                                     2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
libreport-web.x86_64                                   2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
librepository.noarch                                   1.1.3-17.el8                                               appstream 
libreswan.x86_64                                       4.9-3.el8_8                                                appstream 
librevenge.i686                                        0.0.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
librevenge.x86_64                                      0.0.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
librevenge-gdb.i686                                    0.0.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
librevenge-gdb.x86_64                                  0.0.4-12.el8                                               appstream 
librhsm.i686                                           0.0.3-5.el8                                                baseos    
librhsm.x86_64                                         0.0.3-5.el8                                                baseos    
librpmem.x86_64                                        1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
librpmem-devel.x86_64                                  1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
librsvg2.i686                                          2.42.7-4.el8                                               appstream 
librsvg2-devel.i686                                    2.42.7-4.el8                                               appstream 
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                  2.42.7-4.el8                                               appstream 
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                                  2.42.7-4.el8                                               appstream 
libsamplerate.i686                                     0.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
libsamplerate.x86_64                                   0.1.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
libsane-hpaio.i686                                     3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                   3.18.4-9.el8                                               appstream 
libseccomp.i686                                        2.5.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
libseccomp-devel.i686                                  2.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libseccomp-devel.x86_64                                2.5.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libsecret.i686                                         0.18.6-1.el8.0.2                                           baseos    
libsecret.x86_64                                       0.18.6-1.el8.0.2                                           baseos    
libsecret-devel.i686                                   0.18.6-1.el8.0.2                                           baseos    
libsecret-devel.x86_64                                 0.18.6-1.el8.0.2                                           baseos    
libselinux.i686                                        2.9-8.el8                                                  baseos    
libselinux-devel.i686                                  2.9-8.el8                                                  baseos    
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                2.9-8.el8                                                  baseos    
libselinux-ruby.x86_64                                 2.9-8.el8                                                  appstream 
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                2.9-8.el8                                                  baseos    
libsemanage.i686                                       2.9-9.el8_6                                                baseos    
libsepol.i686                                          2.9-3.el8                                                  baseos    
libsepol-devel.i686                                    2.9-3.el8                                                  baseos    
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                  2.9-3.el8                                                  baseos    
libserf.x86_64                                         1.3.9-9.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                       appstream 
libserializer.noarch                                   1.1.2-18.el8                                               appstream 
libshout.i686                                          2.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
libshout.x86_64                                        2.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
libsigc++20.i686                                       2.10.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
libsigc++20.x86_64                                     2.10.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
libsigsegv.i686                                        2.11-5.el8                                                 baseos    
libslirp.x86_64                                        4.4.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       appstream 
libslirp-devel.x86_64                                  4.4.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       appstream 
libsmartcols.i686                                      2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libsmartcols-devel.i686                                2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libsmartcols-devel.x86_64                              2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libsmbclient.i686                                      4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                    4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
libsmbios.i686                                         2.4.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
libsmbios.x86_64                                       2.4.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
libsmi.i686                                            0.4.8-23.el8                                               appstream 
libsmi.x86_64                                          0.4.8-23.el8                                               appstream 
libsndfile.i686                                        1.0.28-13.el8                                              appstream 
libsndfile.x86_64                                      1.0.28-13.el8                                              appstream 
libsndfile-utils.x86_64                                1.0.28-13.el8                                              appstream 
libsolv.i686                                           0.7.20-4.el8_7                                             baseos    
libsoup.i686                                           2.62.3-3.el8                                               baseos    
libsoup.x86_64                                         2.62.3-3.el8                                               baseos    
libsoup-devel.i686                                     2.62.3-3.el8                                               appstream 
libsoup-devel.x86_64                                   2.62.3-3.el8                                               appstream 
libspectre.i686                                        0.2.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libspectre.x86_64                                      0.2.8-5.el8                                                appstream 
libspiro.i686                                          20150131-8.el8                                             appstream 
libspiro.x86_64                                        20150131-8.el8                                             appstream 
libsrtp.i686                                           1.5.4-8.el8                                                appstream 
libsrtp.x86_64                                         1.5.4-8.el8                                                appstream 
libss.i686                                             1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
libss.x86_64                                           1.45.6-5.el8                                               baseos    
libssh.i686                                            0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             baseos    
libssh.x86_64                                          0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             baseos    
libssh-config.noarch                                   0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             baseos    
libssh-devel.i686                                      0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             appstream 
libssh-devel.x86_64                                    0.9.6-10.el8_8                                             appstream 
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_certmap.i686                                    2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_idmap.i686                                      2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                    2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_nss_idmap.i686                                  2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_simpleifp.i686                                  2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_simpleifp.x86_64                                2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
libstaroffice.i686                                     0.0.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
libstaroffice.x86_64                                   0.0.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
libstdc++.i686                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libstdc++-devel.i686                                   8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libstdc++-docs.x86_64                                  8.5.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
libstemmer.i686                                        0-10.585svn.el8                                            baseos    
libstemmer.x86_64                                      0-10.585svn.el8                                            baseos    
libstoragemgmt.i686                                    1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                  1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt-arcconf-plugin.noarch                   1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin.noarch                      1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt-local-plugin.noarch                     1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin.noarch                  1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt-nfs-plugin.x86_64                       1.9.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin.noarch                      1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libstoragemgmt-udev.x86_64                             1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
libsysfs.i686                                          2.1.0-25.el8                                               baseos    
libsysfs.x86_64                                        2.1.0-25.el8                                               baseos    
libtalloc.i686                                         2.3.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtalloc.x86_64                                       2.3.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtalloc-devel.i686                                   2.3.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtalloc-devel.x86_64                                 2.3.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtar.i686                                            1.2.20-17.el8                                              appstream 
libtar.x86_64                                          1.2.20-17.el8                                              appstream 
libtasn1.i686                                          4.13-4.el8_7                                               baseos    
libtasn1-devel.i686                                    4.13-4.el8_7                                               appstream 
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                                  4.13-4.el8_7                                               appstream 
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                                  4.13-4.el8_7                                               appstream 
libtdb.i686                                            1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtdb.x86_64                                          1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtdb-devel.i686                                      1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtdb-devel.x86_64                                    1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
libteam.i686                                           1.31-4.el8                                                 baseos    
libteam.x86_64                                         1.31-4.el8                                                 baseos    
libteam-doc.x86_64                                     1.31-4.el8                                                 baseos    
libtevent.i686                                         0.13.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
libtevent.x86_64                                       0.13.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
libtevent-devel.i686                                   0.13.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
libtevent-devel.x86_64                                 0.13.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
libthai.i686                                           0.1.27-2.el8                                               appstream 
libtheora.i686                                         1:1.1.1-21.el8                                             appstream 
libtheora.x86_64                                       1:1.1.1-21.el8                                             appstream 
libtiff.i686                                           4.0.9-29.el8_8                                             appstream 
libtiff-devel.i686                                     4.0.9-29.el8_8                                             appstream 
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                   4.0.9-29.el8_8                                             appstream 
libtimezonemap.i686                                    0.4.5.1-4.el8                                              appstream 
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                  0.4.5.1-4.el8                                              appstream 
libtirpc.i686                                          1.1.4-8.el8                                                baseos    
libtirpc-devel.i686                                    1.1.4-8.el8                                                baseos    
libtirpc-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.4-8.el8                                                baseos    
libtool-ltdl.i686                                      2.4.6-25.el8                                               baseos    
libtool-ltdl-devel.i686                                2.4.6-25.el8                                               appstream 
libtool-ltdl-devel.x86_64                              2.4.6-25.el8                                               appstream 
libtpms.x86_64                                         0.9.1-2.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115 appstream 
libtpms-devel.x86_64                                   0.9.1-2.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115 appstream 
libtraceevent.i686                                     1.5.3-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtraceevent.x86_64                                   1.5.3-1.el8                                                baseos    
libtracefs.i686                                        1.3.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
libtracefs.x86_64                                      1.3.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
libtsan.x86_64                                         8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libtsan2.x86_64                                        12.2.1-7.4.el8                                             appstream 
libubsan.i686                                          8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libubsan.x86_64                                        8.5.0-18.el8                                               baseos    
libucil.i686                                           0.9.10-16.el8                                              appstream 
libucil.x86_64                                         0.9.10-16.el8                                              appstream 
libudisks2.i686                                        2.9.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
libudisks2.x86_64                                      2.9.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
libunicap.i686                                         0.9.12-21.el8                                              appstream 
libunicap.x86_64                                       0.9.12-21.el8                                              appstream 
libunistring.i686                                      0.9.9-3.el8                                                baseos    
liburing.i686                                          1.0.7-3.el8                                                baseos    
liburing.x86_64                                        1.0.7-3.el8                                                baseos    
libusal.i686                                           1.1.11-39.el8                                              appstream 
libusal.x86_64                                         1.1.11-39.el8                                              appstream 
libusb.i686                                            1:0.1.5-12.el8                                             baseos    
libusb.x86_64                                          1:0.1.5-12.el8                                             baseos    
libusbmuxd.i686                                        1.0.10-9.el8                                               appstream 
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                      1.0.10-9.el8                                               appstream 
libusbx.i686                                           1.0.23-4.el8                                               baseos    
libusbx-devel.i686                                     1.0.23-4.el8                                               baseos    
libusbx-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.23-4.el8                                               baseos    
libusbx-devel-doc.noarch                               1.0.23-4.el8                                               baseos    
libuser.i686                                           0.62-25.el8                                                baseos    
libuser.x86_64                                         0.62-25.el8                                                baseos    
libutempter.i686                                       1.1.6-14.el8                                               baseos    
libuuid.i686                                           2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libuuid-devel.i686                                     2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                   2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
libuv.i686                                             1:1.41.1-1.el8_4                                           appstream 
libuv.x86_64                                           1:1.41.1-1.el8_4                                           appstream 
libv4l.i686                                            1.14.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
libv4l.x86_64                                          1.14.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
libva.i686                                             2.13.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
libva.x86_64                                           2.13.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
libva-devel.i686                                       2.13.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
libva-devel.x86_64                                     2.13.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
libvarlink.i686                                        18-3.el8                                                   baseos    
libvarlink.x86_64                                      18-3.el8                                                   baseos    
libvarlink-util.x86_64                                 18-3.el8                                                   baseos    
libvdpau.i686                                          1.4-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libvdpau.x86_64                                        1.4-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libverto.i686                                          0.3.2-2.el8                                                baseos    
libverto-devel.i686                                    0.3.2-2.el8                                                baseos    
libverto-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.2-2.el8                                                baseos    
libverto-libev.i686                                    0.3.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
libverto-libev.x86_64                                  0.3.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
libverto-libevent.i686                                 0.3.2-2.el8                                                baseos    
libverto-libevent.x86_64                               0.3.2-2.el8                                                baseos    
libvirt.x86_64                                         8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-client.x86_64                                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                   8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64                 8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                   8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                   8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                  8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                      8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                    8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                   8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64              8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64              8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64           8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64             8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64      8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64           8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64             8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64               8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64              8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                              8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-dbus.x86_64                                    1.3.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
libvirt-devel.x86_64                                   8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-docs.x86_64                                    8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                                 3.0.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                    3.0.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                                 3.0.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                    8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-lock-sanlock.x86_64                            8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-nss.x86_64                                     8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvirt-wireshark.x86_64                               8.0.0-19.2.module+el8.8.0+1321+70d049b2                    appstream 
libvisio.i686                                          0.1.6-2.el8                                                appstream 
libvisio.x86_64                                        0.1.6-2.el8                                                appstream 
libvisual.i686                                         1:0.4.0-25.el8                                             appstream 
libvisual.x86_64                                       1:0.4.0-25.el8                                             appstream 
libvma.x86_64                                          9.6.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvmem.x86_64                                         1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvmem-devel.x86_64                                   1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvmmalloc.x86_64                                     1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvmmalloc-devel.x86_64                               1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libvncserver.i686                                      0.9.11-17.el8                                              appstream 
libvncserver.x86_64                                    0.9.11-17.el8                                              appstream 
libvoikko.i686                                         4.1.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
libvoikko.x86_64                                       4.1.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
libvorbis.i686                                         1:1.3.6-2.el8                                              appstream 
libvorbis.x86_64                                       1:1.3.6-2.el8                                              appstream 
libvpx.i686                                            1.7.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
libvpx.x86_64                                          1.7.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
libwacom.i686                                          1.6-3.el8                                                  appstream 
libwacom.x86_64                                        1.6-3.el8                                                  appstream 
libwacom-data.noarch                                   1.6-3.el8                                                  appstream 
libwayland-client.i686                                 1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-client.x86_64                               1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-cursor.i686                                 1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                               1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-egl.i686                                    1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-server.i686                                 1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwayland-server.x86_64                               1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
libwbclient.i686                                       4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
libwbclient.x86_64                                     4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
libwebp.i686                                           1.0.0-8.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
libwebp-devel.i686                                     1.0.0-8.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.0-8.el8_8.1                                            appstream 
libwinpr.i686                                          2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
libwinpr.x86_64                                        2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
libwinpr-devel.i686                                    2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
libwinpr-devel.x86_64                                  2:2.2.0-10.el8                                             appstream 
libwmf.i686                                            0.2.9-8.el8_0                                              appstream 
libwmf.x86_64                                          0.2.9-8.el8_0                                              appstream 
libwmf-lite.i686                                       0.2.9-8.el8_0                                              appstream 
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                     0.2.9-8.el8_0                                              appstream 
libwnck3.i686                                          3.24.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
libwnck3.x86_64                                        3.24.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
libwpd.i686                                            0.10.2-2.el8                                               appstream 
libwpd.x86_64                                          0.10.2-2.el8                                               appstream 
libwpe.i686                                            1.10.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
libwpe.x86_64                                          1.10.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
libwpg.i686                                            0.3.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libwpg.x86_64                                          0.3.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
libwps.i686                                            0.4.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
libwps.x86_64                                          0.4.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
libwsman1.i686                                         2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
libwsman1.x86_64                                       2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
libxcb.i686                                            1.13.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
libxcb-devel.i686                                      1.13.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                    1.13.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
libxcrypt.i686                                         4.1.1-6.el8                                                baseos    
libxcrypt-devel.i686                                   4.1.1-6.el8                                                baseos    
libxdp.i686                                            1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
libxdp.x86_64                                          1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
libxkbcommon.i686                                      0.9.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxkbcommon-devel.i686                                0.9.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                              0.9.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxkbcommon-x11.i686                                  0.9.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                0.9.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxkbfile.i686                                        1.1.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                      1.1.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
libxklavier.i686                                       5.4-11.el8                                                 appstream 
libxklavier.x86_64                                     5.4-11.el8                                                 appstream 
libxml2.i686                                           2.9.7-16.el8_8.1                                           baseos    
libxml2-devel.i686                                     2.9.7-16.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                   2.9.7-16.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
libxmlb.i686                                           0.1.15-1.el8                                               baseos    
libxmlb.x86_64                                         0.1.15-1.el8                                               baseos    
libxshmfence.i686                                      1.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libxshmfence.x86_64                                    1.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libxshmfence-devel.i686                                1.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                              1.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
libxslt.i686                                           1.1.32-6.el8                                               baseos    
libxslt-devel.i686                                     1.1.32-6.el8                                               appstream 
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                   1.1.32-6.el8                                               appstream 
libyami.i686                                           1.3.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libyami.x86_64                                         1.3.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
libyaml.i686                                           0.1.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
libyang.i686                                           1.0.184-1.el8                                              appstream 
libyang.x86_64                                         1.0.184-1.el8                                              appstream 
libzhuyin.i686                                         2.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
libzhuyin.x86_64                                       2.2.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
libzip.x86_64                                          1.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                        appstream 
libzip-devel.x86_64                                    1.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                        appstream 
libzip-tools.x86_64                                    1.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                        appstream 
libzmf.i686                                            0.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
libzmf.x86_64                                          0.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
libzstd.i686                                           1.4.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
libzstd-devel.i686                                     1.4.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
linux-firmware.noarch                                  20230404-117.git2e92a49f.el8_8                             baseos    
linuxconsoletools.x86_64                               1.6.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
linuxptp.x86_64                                        3.1.1-3.el8_8.2                                            appstream 
lklug-fonts.noarch                                     0.6-17.20090803cvs.el8                                     appstream 
lksctp-tools.i686                                      1.0.18-3.el8                                               baseos    
lksctp-tools-devel.i686                                1.0.18-3.el8                                               baseos    
lksctp-tools-devel.x86_64                              1.0.18-3.el8                                               baseos    
lksctp-tools-doc.x86_64                                1.0.18-3.el8                                               baseos    
lld.i686                                               15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lld.x86_64                                             15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lld-devel.i686                                         15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lld-devel.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lld-libs.i686                                          15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lld-libs.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lldb.i686                                              15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lldb.x86_64                                            15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lldb-devel.i686                                        15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lldb-devel.x86_64                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lldpad.i686                                            1.0.1-19.git036e314.el8                                    baseos    
lldpad.x86_64                                          1.0.1-19.git036e314.el8                                    baseos    
lldpd.i686                                             1.0.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
lldpd.x86_64                                           1.0.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
lldpd-devel.i686                                       1.0.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
lldpd-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
llvm.i686                                              15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm.x86_64                                            15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-devel.i686                                        15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-devel.x86_64                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-doc.noarch                                        15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-googletest.i686                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-googletest.x86_64                                 15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-libs.i686                                         15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-libs.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-static.i686                                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-static.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-test.i686                                         15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-test.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-toolset.i686                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
llvm-toolset.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
lm_sensors.x86_64                                      3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            baseos    
lm_sensors-devel.i686                                  3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            baseos    
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                                3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            baseos    
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                   3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            baseos    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                 3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            baseos    
lm_sensors-sensord.x86_64                              3.4.0-23.20180522git70f7e08.el8                            appstream 
lmdb-libs.i686                                         0.9.24-2.el8                                               baseos    
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                       0.9.24-2.el8                                               baseos    
lockdev.i686                                           1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                                 baseos    
lockdev.x86_64                                         1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                                 baseos    
log4j.noarch                                           2.17.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1174+e5dfc880                      appstream 
log4j-jcl.noarch                                       2.17.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1174+e5dfc880                      appstream 
log4j-slf4j.noarch                                     2.17.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1174+e5dfc880                      appstream 
log4j-web.noarch                                       2.17.2-1.module+el8.8.0+1174+e5dfc880                      appstream 
logrotate.x86_64                                       3.14.0-6.el8                                               baseos    
logwatch.noarch                                        7.4.3-11.el8                                               baseos    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                            2.91.5-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                             2.91.5-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                          2.95.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                            2.92.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                            2.91.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                             2.5.4-3.el8                                                appstream 
lohit-malayalam-fonts.noarch                           2.92.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                             2.94.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-nepali-fonts.noarch                              2.94.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                2.91.2-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                               2.91.3-3.el8                                               appstream 
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                              2.5.5-3.el8                                                appstream 
lorax.x86_64                                           28.14.70-1.el8                                             appstream 
lorax-composer.x86_64                                  28.14.70-1.el8                                             appstream 
lorax-lmc-novirt.x86_64                                28.14.70-1.el8                                             appstream 
lorax-lmc-virt.x86_64                                  28.14.70-1.el8                                             appstream 
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                         28.14.70-1.el8                                             appstream 
lorax-templates-rhel.noarch                            8.7-1.el8.rocky.0.1                                        appstream 
lpsolve.x86_64                                         5.5.2.0-21.el8                                             appstream 
lrzsz.x86_64                                           0.12.20-43.el8                                             baseos    
lshw.x86_64                                            B.02.19.2-6.el8                                            baseos    
lshw-gui.x86_64                                        B.02.19.2-6.el8                                            appstream 
lsof.x86_64                                            4.93.2-1.el8                                               baseos    
lsscsi.x86_64                                          0.32-3.el8                                                 baseos    
lttng-ust.i686                                         2.8.1-11.el8                                               appstream 
lttng-ust.x86_64                                       2.8.1-11.el8                                               appstream 
lua-expat.x86_64                                       1.3.0-12.el8.1                                             appstream 
lua-guestfs.x86_64                                     1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
lua-json.noarch                                        1.3.2-9.el8                                                appstream 
lua-libs.i686                                          5.3.4-12.el8                                               baseos    
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                        1.0.1-6.el8                                                appstream 
lua-socket.x86_64                                      3.0-0.17.rc1.el8                                           appstream 
luksmeta.x86_64                                        9-4.el8                                                    appstream 
lvm2.x86_64                                            8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            baseos    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                      8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            baseos    
lvm2-libs.i686                                         8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            baseos    
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                       8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            baseos    
lvm2-lockd.x86_64                                      8:2.03.14-9.el8                                            baseos    
lz4.x86_64                                             1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              baseos    
lz4-devel.i686                                         1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              baseos    
lz4-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              baseos    
lz4-java.x86_64                                        1.7.1-14.module+el8.4.0+394+13a3c723                       appstream 
lz4-java-javadoc.noarch                                1.7.1-14.module+el8.4.0+394+13a3c723                       appstream 
lz4-libs.i686                                          1.8.3-3.el8_4                                              baseos    
lzo.i686                                               2.08-14.el8                                                baseos    
lzo.x86_64                                             2.08-14.el8                                                baseos    
lzo-devel.i686                                         2.08-14.el8                                                baseos    
lzo-devel.x86_64                                       2.08-14.el8                                                baseos    
lzo-minilzo.i686                                       2.08-14.el8                                                baseos    
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                     2.08-14.el8                                                baseos    
lzop.x86_64                                            1.03-20.el8                                                baseos    
m17n-db.noarch                                         1.8.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
m17n-lib.i686                                          1.8.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
m17n-lib.x86_64                                        1.8.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
madan-fonts.noarch                                     2.000-20.el8                                               appstream 
mailcap.noarch                                         2.1.48-3.el8                                               baseos    
mailman.x86_64                                         3:2.1.29-12.module+el8.5.0+717+27fd1ba7.2                  appstream 
mailx.x86_64                                           12.5-29.el8                                                baseos    
make-devel.i686                                        1:4.2.1-11.el8                                             baseos    
make-devel.x86_64                                      1:4.2.1-11.el8                                             baseos    
make43.x86_64                                          1:4.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
make43-devel.i686                                      1:4.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
make43-devel.x86_64                                    1:4.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
malaga.x86_64                                          7.12-23.el8                                                appstream 
malaga-suomi-voikko.x86_64                             1.19-5.el8                                                 appstream 
mallard-rng.noarch                                     1.0.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
man-db.x86_64                                          2.7.6.1-18.el8                                             baseos    
man-db-cron.noarch                                     2.7.6.1-18.el8                                             baseos    
man-pages.x86_64                                       4.15-7.el8                                                 baseos    
man-pages-overrides.noarch                             8.6.0.0-1.el8                                              appstream 
mariadb.x86_64                                         3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                  3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-common.x86_64                                  3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-connector-c.i686                               3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             appstream 
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                             3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             appstream 
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                      3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             appstream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.i686                         3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             appstream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                       3.1.11-2.el8_3                                             appstream 
mariadb-connector-odbc.x86_64                          3.1.12-1.el8                                               appstream 
mariadb-devel.x86_64                                   3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-embedded-devel.x86_64                          3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                  3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                           3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-java-client.noarch                             2.7.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
mariadb-oqgraph-engine.x86_64                          3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-server.x86_64                                  3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-server-galera.x86_64                           3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                            3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
mariadb-test.x86_64                                    3:10.3.39-1.module+el8.8.0+1452+2a7eab68                   appstream 
marisa.i686                                            0.2.4-36.el8                                               appstream 
marisa.x86_64                                          0.2.4-36.el8                                               appstream 
matchbox-window-manager.x86_64                         1.2-23.20070628svn.el8                                     appstream 
maven.noarch                                           1:3.5.4-5.module+el8.6.0+975+c0ed2db8                      appstream 
maven-lib.noarch                                       1:3.5.4-5.module+el8.6.0+975+c0ed2db8                      appstream 
maven-resolver-api.noarch                              1:1.1.1-2.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
maven-resolver-connector-basic.noarch                  1:1.1.1-2.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
maven-resolver-impl.noarch                             1:1.1.1-2.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
maven-resolver-spi.noarch                              1:1.1.1-2.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
maven-resolver-transport-wagon.noarch                  1:1.1.1-2.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
maven-resolver-util.noarch                             1:1.1.1-2.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
maven-shared-utils.noarch                              3.2.1-0.2.module+el8.6.0+975+c0ed2db8                      appstream 
maven-wagon-file.noarch                                3.1.0-1.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
maven-wagon-http.noarch                                3.1.0-1.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
maven-wagon-http-shared.noarch                         3.1.0-1.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
maven-wagon-provider-api.noarch                        3.1.0-1.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
mc.x86_64                                              1:4.8.19-9.el8                                             appstream 
mcelog.x86_64                                          3:189-0.el8                                                baseos    
mcstrans.x86_64                                        2.9-2.el8                                                  baseos    
mdadm.x86_64                                           4.2-7.el8                                                  baseos    
mdevctl.x86_64                                         1.1.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
meanwhile.i686                                         1.1.0-23.el8                                               appstream 
meanwhile.x86_64                                       1.1.0-23.el8                                               appstream 
mecab.x86_64                                           0.996-2.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8                       appstream 
mecab-ipadic.x86_64                                    2.7.0.20070801-16.module+el8.3.0+242+87d3366a              appstream 
mecab-ipadic-EUCJP.x86_64                              2.7.0.20070801-16.module+el8.3.0+242+87d3366a              appstream 
media-player-info.noarch                               23-2.el8                                                   appstream 
memcached.x86_64                                       1.5.22-2.el8                                               appstream 
memkind.x86_64                                         1.10.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
memtest86+.x86_64                                      5.01-20.el8                                                baseos    
mercurial.x86_64                                       4.8.2-1.module+el8.3.0+219+18f2b388                        appstream 
mercurial-hgk.x86_64                                   4.8.2-1.module+el8.3.0+219+18f2b388                        appstream 
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                  22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-filesystem.i686                                   22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                 22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libEGL.i686                                       22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                     22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.i686                                 22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                               22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGL.i686                                        22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                      22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGL-devel.i686                                  22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                                22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLU.i686                                       9.0.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                     9.0.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.i686                                 9.0.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                               9.0.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLw.i686                                       8.0.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLw.x86_64                                     8.0.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.i686                                 8.0.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.x86_64                               8.0.0-18.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                    22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                  22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libgbm.i686                                       22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                     22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libglapi.i686                                     22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                   22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libxatracker.i686                                 22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                               22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-vdpau-drivers.i686                                22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-vdpau-drivers.x86_64                              22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-vulkan-devel.i686                                 22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-vulkan-devel.x86_64                               22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                               22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                             22.3.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
metacity.i686                                          3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
metacity.x86_64                                        3.28.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                   4:20220809-2.20230808.2.el8_8                              baseos    
microdnf.x86_64                                        3.8.0-2.el8                                                baseos    
micropipenv.noarch                                     1.0.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
minicom.x86_64                                         2.7.1-9.el8                                                baseos    
mksh.x86_64                                            56c-5.el8                                                  baseos    
mlocate.x86_64                                         0.26-20.el8                                                baseos    
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                  20210805-1.el8                                             baseos    
mod_auth_gssapi.x86_64                                 1.6.1-9.el8                                                appstream 
mod_auth_mellon.x86_64                                 0.14.0-12.el8.1                                            appstream 
mod_auth_mellon-diagnostics.x86_64                     0.14.0-12.el8.1                                            appstream 
mod_auth_openidc.x86_64                                2.4.9.4-1.module+el8.8.0+1406+4a7f5371                     appstream 
mod_authnz_pam.x86_64                                  1.1.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
mod_dav_svn.x86_64                                     1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
mod_fcgid.x86_64                                       2.3.9-17.el8                                               appstream 
mod_http2.x86_64                                       1.15.7-8.module+el8.8.0+1284+07ef499e.3                    appstream 
mod_intercept_form_submit.x86_64                       1.1.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
mod_ldap.x86_64                                        2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
mod_lookup_identity.x86_64                             1.0.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
mod_md.x86_64                                          1:2.0.8-8.module+el8.8.0+1271+9ed9553d                     appstream 
mod_proxy_html.x86_64                                  1:2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                 appstream 
mod_security.x86_64                                    2.9.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mod_security-mlogc.x86_64                              2.9.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mod_security_crs.noarch                                3.3.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
mod_session.x86_64                                     2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                   appstream 
mod_ssl.x86_64                                         1:2.4.37-56.module+el8.8.0+1456+d0a01c5e.7                 appstream 
modulemd-tools.noarch                                  0.7-6.el8                                                  appstream 
motif.i686                                             2.3.4-19.el8                                               appstream 
motif.x86_64                                           2.3.4-19.el8                                               appstream 
motif-devel.i686                                       2.3.4-19.el8                                               appstream 
motif-devel.x86_64                                     2.3.4-19.el8                                               appstream 
motif-static.i686                                      2.3.4-19.el8                                               appstream 
motif-static.x86_64                                    2.3.4-19.el8                                               appstream 
mousetweaks.x86_64                                     3.12.0-11.el8                                              appstream 
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                              1.9-19.el8                                                 appstream 
mozjs52.i686                                           52.9.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
mozjs52.x86_64                                         52.9.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
mozjs60.i686                                           60.9.0-4.el8                                               baseos    
mozjs60.x86_64                                         60.9.0-4.el8                                               baseos    
mozvoikko.noarch                                       2.1-5.el8                                                  appstream 
mpdecimal.i686                                         2.5.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
mpdecimal.x86_64                                       2.5.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
mpfr.i686                                              3.1.6-1.el8                                                baseos    
mpfr-devel.i686                                        3.1.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                      3.1.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpg123.x86_64                                          1.25.10-2.el8                                              appstream 
mpg123-libs.i686                                       1.25.10-2.el8                                              appstream 
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                     1.25.10-2.el8                                              appstream 
mpg123-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                       1.25.10-2.el8                                              appstream 
mpich.i686                                             3.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpich.x86_64                                           3.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpich-devel.i686                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpich-devel.x86_64                                     3.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpich-doc.noarch                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
mpitests-mpich.x86_64                                  5.8-1.el8                                                  appstream 
mpitests-mvapich2.x86_64                               5.8-1.el8                                                  appstream 
mpitests-mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                          5.8-1.el8                                                  appstream 
mpitests-openmpi.x86_64                                5.8-1.el8                                                  appstream 
mrtg.x86_64                                            2.17.7-1.el8                                               appstream 
mstflint.x86_64                                        4.23.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
mt-st.x86_64                                           1.1-24.el8                                                 appstream 
mtdev.i686                                             1.1.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
mtdev.x86_64                                           1.1.5-12.el8                                               appstream 
mtools.x86_64                                          4.0.18-15.el8_6                                            baseos    
mtr.x86_64                                             2:0.92-3.el8                                               baseos    
mtr-gtk.x86_64                                         2:0.92-3.el8                                               appstream 
mtx.x86_64                                             1.3.12-17.el8                                              appstream 
multilib-rpm-config.noarch                             1-10.el8                                                   appstream 
munge.x86_64                                           0.5.13-2.el8                                               appstream 
munge-libs.i686                                        0.5.13-2.el8                                               appstream 
munge-libs.x86_64                                      0.5.13-2.el8                                               appstream 
mutt.x86_64                                            5:2.0.7-2.el8                                              appstream 
mutter.i686                                            3.32.2-70.el8_8                                            appstream 
mutter.x86_64                                          3.32.2-70.el8_8                                            appstream 
mvapich2.i686                                          2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mvapich2.x86_64                                        2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mvapich2-devel.i686                                    2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mvapich2-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mvapich2-doc.noarch                                    2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                                   2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mvapich2-psm2-devel.x86_64                             2.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
mysql.x86_64                                           8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mysql-common.x86_64                                    8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mysql-devel.x86_64                                     8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mysql-errmsg.x86_64                                    8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mysql-libs.x86_64                                      8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mysql-selinux.noarch                                   1.0.5-1.el8_6                                              appstream 
mysql-server.x86_64                                    8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mysql-test.x86_64                                      8.0.32-1.module+el8.8.0+1283+4b88a3a8.0.1                  appstream 
mythes.i686                                            1.2.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
mythes.x86_64                                          1.2.4-9.el8                                                appstream 
mythes-bg.noarch                                       4.3-12.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-ca.noarch                                       1.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
mythes-cs.noarch                                       0.20070926-19.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-da.noarch                                       0.20100629.15.16-14.el8                                    appstream 
mythes-de.noarch                                       0.20180226-3.el8                                           appstream 
mythes-el.noarch                                       0.20070412-19.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-en.noarch                                       3.0-23.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-es.noarch                                       2.3-1.el8                                                  appstream 
mythes-fr.noarch                                       2.3-10.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-ga.noarch                                       0.20071001-19.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-hu.noarch                                       0.20101019-15.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-it.noarch                                       2.0.9l-18.el8                                              appstream 
mythes-lb.noarch                                       0.20121128-9.el8                                           appstream 
mythes-lv.noarch                                       1.0.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
mythes-mi.noarch                                       0.20080630-17.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-nb.noarch                                       1:2.0.10-7.el8                                             appstream 
mythes-ne.noarch                                       1.1-14.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-nl.noarch                                       0.20130131-8.el8                                           appstream 
mythes-nn.noarch                                       1:2.0.10-7.el8                                             appstream 
mythes-pl.noarch                                       1.5-20.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-pt.noarch                                       0.20060817-19.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-ro.noarch                                       3.3-13.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-ru.noarch                                       0.20070613-17.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-sk.noarch                                       0.20130130-11.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-sl.noarch                                       0.20130130-11.el8                                          appstream 
mythes-sv.noarch                                       1.3-13.el8                                                 appstream 
mythes-uk.noarch                                       1.6.5-14.el8                                               appstream 
nafees-web-naskh-fonts.noarch                          1.2-18.el8                                                 appstream 
nano.x86_64                                            2.9.8-1.el8                                                baseos    
nautilus.x86_64                                        3.28.1-23.el8                                              appstream 
nautilus-extensions.i686                               3.28.1-23.el8                                              appstream 
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                             3.28.1-23.el8                                              appstream 
nautilus-sendto.x86_64                                 1:3.8.6-2.el8                                              appstream 
navilu-fonts.noarch                                    1.2-11.el8                                                 appstream 
nbdfuse.x86_64                                         1.6.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
nbdkit.x86_64                                          1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-bash-completion.noarch                          1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                            1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                            1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                              1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-devel.x86_64                                    1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-example-plugins.x86_64                          1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-gzip-filter.x86_64                              1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-gzip-plugin.x86_64                              1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-linuxdisk-plugin.x86_64                         1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-nbd-plugin.x86_64                               1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                   1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                               1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-tar-filter.x86_64                               1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-tar-plugin.x86_64                               1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-tmpdisk-plugin.x86_64                           1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-vddk-plugin.x86_64                              1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
nbdkit-xz-filter.x86_64                                1.24.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
ncompress.x86_64                                       4.2.4.4-13.el8                                             appstream 
ncurses-c++-libs.i686                                  6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                                6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-compat-libs.i686                               6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                             6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-devel.i686                                     6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                   6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-libs.i686                                      6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ncurses-term.noarch                                    6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1                                     baseos    
ndctl.x86_64                                           71.1-4.el8                                                 baseos    
ndctl-devel.i686                                       71.1-4.el8                                                 appstream 
ndctl-devel.x86_64                                     71.1-4.el8                                                 appstream 
ndctl-libs.i686                                        71.1-4.el8                                                 baseos    
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                      71.1-4.el8                                                 baseos    
neon.i686                                              0.30.2-6.el8                                               appstream 
neon.x86_64                                            0.30.2-6.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp.x86_64                                        1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.i686                               1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                             1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp-devel.i686                                    1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                                  1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp-libs.i686                                     1:5.8-27.el8                                               baseos    
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                   1:5.8-27.el8                                               baseos    
net-snmp-perl.x86_64                                   1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-snmp-utils.x86_64                                  1:5.8-27.el8                                               appstream 
net-tools.x86_64                                       2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8                                   baseos    
netavark.x86_64                                        2:1.5.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                     appstream 
netcf.x86_64                                           0.2.8-12.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
netcf-devel.x86_64                                     0.2.8-12.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
netcf-libs.x86_64                                      0.2.8-12.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                      appstream 
netconsole-service.noarch                              10.00.18-1.el8                                             baseos    
netlabel_tools.x86_64                                  0.30.0-3.el8                                               baseos    
netpbm.i686                                            10.82.00-7.el8                                             appstream 
netpbm.x86_64                                          10.82.00-7.el8                                             appstream 
netpbm-progs.x86_64                                    10.82.00-7.el8                                             appstream 
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                  7.0.111-1.el8_8                                            appstream 
nettle.i686                                            3.4.1-7.el8                                                baseos    
nettle-devel.i686                                      3.4.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
nettle-devel.x86_64                                    3.4.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
network-manager-applet.x86_64                          1.26.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
network-scripts.x86_64                                 10.00.18-1.el8                                             baseos    
network-scripts-team.x86_64                            1.31-4.el8                                                 baseos    
newt.i686                                              0.52.20-11.el8                                             baseos    
newt.x86_64                                            0.52.20-11.el8                                             baseos    
newt-devel.i686                                        0.52.20-11.el8                                             appstream 
newt-devel.x86_64                                      0.52.20-11.el8                                             appstream 
nfs-utils.x86_64                                       1:2.3.3-59.el8                                             baseos    
nfs4-acl-tools.x86_64                                  0.3.5-3.el8                                                baseos    
nftables.i686                                          1:0.9.3-26.el8                                             baseos    
nftables.x86_64                                        1:0.9.3-26.el8                                             baseos    
nginx.x86_64                                           1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-all-modules.noarch                               1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-filesystem.noarch                                1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-mod-http-image-filter.x86_64                     1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-mod-http-perl.x86_64                             1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter.x86_64                      1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-mod-mail.x86_64                                  1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nginx-mod-stream.x86_64                                1:1.14.1-9.module+el8.4.0+542+81547229                     appstream 
nispor.i686                                            1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
nispor.x86_64                                          1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
nispor-devel.i686                                      1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
nispor-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                            1.26.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
nmap.x86_64                                            2:7.70-8.el8                                               appstream 
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                       2:7.70-8.el8                                               appstream 
nmstate.x86_64                                         1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              appstream 
nmstate-libs.i686                                      1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              appstream 
nmstate-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              appstream 
nmstate-plugin-ovsdb.noarch                            1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              appstream 
nodejs.x86_64                                          1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    appstream 
nodejs-devel.x86_64                                    1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    appstream 
nodejs-docs.noarch                                     1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    appstream 
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                1:10.24.0-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                    appstream 
nodejs-nodemon.noarch                                  1.18.3-1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                       appstream 
nodejs-packaging.noarch                                17-3.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154                           appstream 
npm.x86_64                                             1:6.14.11-1.10.24.0.1.module+el8.3.0+101+f84c7154          appstream 
npth.i686                                              1.5-4.el8                                                  baseos    
nscd.x86_64                                            2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
nspr.i686                                              4.35.0-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
nspr-devel.i686                                        4.35.0-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
nspr-devel.x86_64                                      4.35.0-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss.i686                                               3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-altfiles.i686                                      2.18.1-12.el8                                              appstream 
nss-altfiles.x86_64                                    2.18.1-12.el8                                              appstream 
nss-devel.i686                                         3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-devel.x86_64                                       3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-pam-ldapd.i686                                     0.9.9-5.el8                                                appstream 
nss-pam-ldapd.x86_64                                   0.9.9-5.el8                                                appstream 
nss-softokn.i686                                       3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-softokn-devel.i686                                 3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                               3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.i686                          3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                        3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-util.i686                                          3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-util-devel.i686                                    3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss-util-devel.x86_64                                  3.90.0-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
nss_db.i686                                            2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
nss_db.x86_64                                          2.28-225.el8                                               baseos    
nss_nis.i686                                           3.0-8.el8                                                  baseos    
nss_nis.x86_64                                         3.0-8.el8                                                  baseos    
nss_wrapper.i686                                       1.1.13-1.el8                                               appstream 
nss_wrapper.x86_64                                     1.1.13-1.el8                                               appstream 
nss_wrapper-libs.i686                                  1.1.13-1.el8                                               appstream 
nss_wrapper-libs.x86_64                                1.1.13-1.el8                                               appstream 
ntpstat.noarch                                         0.5-2.el8                                                  appstream 
ntsysv.x86_64                                          1.19.1-1.el8                                               baseos    
numactl.x86_64                                         2.0.12-13.el8                                              baseos    
numactl-devel.i686                                     2.0.12-13.el8                                              baseos    
numactl-devel.x86_64                                   2.0.12-13.el8                                              baseos    
numactl-libs.i686                                      2.0.12-13.el8                                              baseos    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                    2.0.12-13.el8                                              baseos    
numad.x86_64                                           0.5-26.20150602git.el8                                     baseos    
numatop.x86_64                                         2.2-3.el8                                                  baseos    
nvme-cli.x86_64                                        1.16-7.el8                                                 baseos    
nvmetcli.noarch                                        0.7-3.el8                                                  baseos    
oci-seccomp-bpf-hook.x86_64                            1.2.8-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       appstream 
ocl-icd.i686                                           2.2.12-1.el8                                               appstream 
ocl-icd.x86_64                                         2.2.12-1.el8                                               appstream 
oddjob.x86_64                                          0.34.7-3.el8                                               appstream 
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                                0.34.7-3.el8                                               appstream 
omping.x86_64                                          0.0.4-18.el8                                               appstream 
ongres-scram.noarch                                    1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                         appstream 
ongres-scram-client.noarch                             1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                         appstream 
oniguruma.i686                                         6.8.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
oniguruma.x86_64                                       6.8.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
opa-address-resolution.x86_64                          1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        baseos    
opa-basic-tools.x86_64                                 1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        baseos    
opa-fastfabric.x86_64                                  1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        baseos    
opa-fm.x86_64                                          1:10.11.2.0.3-1.el8                                        baseos    
opa-libopamgt.x86_64                                   1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el8                                        baseos    
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                 1.10-6.el8                                                 appstream 
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                   12.1.5-2.el8_8.3                                           appstream 
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                           12.1.5-2.el8_8.3                                           appstream 
open-vm-tools-salt-minion.x86_64                       12.1.5-2.el8_8.3                                           appstream 
open-vm-tools-sdmp.x86_64                              12.1.5-2.el8_8.3                                           appstream 
openal-soft.i686                                       1.18.2-7.el8                                               appstream 
openal-soft.x86_64                                     1.18.2-7.el8                                               appstream 
openblas.i686                                          0.3.15-6.el8                                               appstream 
openblas.x86_64                                        0.3.15-6.el8                                               appstream 
openblas-threads.i686                                  0.3.15-6.el8                                               appstream 
openblas-threads.x86_64                                0.3.15-6.el8                                               appstream 
openchange.i686                                        2.3-31.el8                                                 appstream 
openchange.x86_64                                      2.3-31.el8                                                 appstream 
opencl-filesystem.noarch                               1.0-6.el8                                                  appstream 
opencryptoki.x86_64                                    3.19.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
opencryptoki-icsftok.x86_64                            3.19.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
opencryptoki-libs.i686                                 3.19.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
opencryptoki-libs.x86_64                               3.19.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
opencryptoki-swtok.x86_64                              3.19.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
opencryptoki-tpmtok.x86_64                             3.19.0-2.el8                                               baseos    
opencv-contrib.i686                                    3.4.6-8.el8                                                appstream 
opencv-contrib.x86_64                                  3.4.6-8.el8                                                appstream 
opencv-core.i686                                       3.4.6-8.el8                                                appstream 
opencv-core.x86_64                                     3.4.6-8.el8                                                appstream 
openhpi.x86_64                                         3.8.0-10.el8                                               baseos    
openhpi-libs.i686                                      3.8.0-10.el8                                               baseos    
openhpi-libs.x86_64                                    3.8.0-10.el8                                               baseos    
openjpeg2.i686                                         2.4.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
openjpeg2-devel-docs.noarch                            2.4.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
openjpeg2-tools.x86_64                                 2.4.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
openldap.i686                                          2.4.46-18.el8                                              baseos    
openldap-clients.x86_64                                2.4.46-18.el8                                              baseos    
openldap-devel.i686                                    2.4.46-18.el8                                              baseos    
openldap-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.46-18.el8                                              baseos    
openmpi.i686                                           1:4.1.1-3.el8                                              appstream 
openmpi.x86_64                                         1:4.1.1-3.el8                                              appstream 
openmpi-devel.i686                                     1:4.1.1-3.el8                                              appstream 
openmpi-devel.x86_64                                   1:4.1.1-3.el8                                              appstream 
opensc.i686                                            0.20.0-4.el8                                               baseos    
opensc.x86_64                                          0.20.0-4.el8                                               baseos    
openscap.i686                                          1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap.x86_64                                        1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-devel.i686                                    1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-devel.x86_64                                  1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-engine-sce.i686                               1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-engine-sce.x86_64                             1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-python3.x86_64                                1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-scanner.x86_64                                1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openscap-utils.x86_64                                  1.3.8-1.el8_8.rocky.1.0                                    appstream 
openslp.i686                                           2.0.0-20.el8                                               appstream 
openslp.x86_64                                         2.0.0-20.el8                                               appstream 
opensm.x86_64                                          3.3.24-1.el8                                               baseos    
opensm-libs.i686                                       3.3.24-1.el8                                               baseos    
opensm-libs.x86_64                                     3.3.24-1.el8                                               baseos    
openssh-askpass.x86_64                                 8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             appstream 
openssh-cavs.x86_64                                    8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             baseos    
openssh-keycat.x86_64                                  8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             baseos    
openssh-ldap.x86_64                                    8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             baseos    
openssh-server.x86_64                                  8.0p1-19.el8_8                                             baseos    
openssl-devel.i686                                     1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           baseos    
openssl-devel.x86_64                                   1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           baseos    
openssl-ibmpkcs11.x86_64                               1.0.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
openssl-libs.i686                                      1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           baseos    
openssl-perl.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                           baseos    
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                    0.4.10-3.el8                                               baseos    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                  0.4.10-3.el8                                               baseos    
openwsman-client.i686                                  2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
openwsman-client.x86_64                                2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
openwsman-python3.x86_64                               2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
openwsman-server.i686                                  2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
openwsman-server.x86_64                                2.6.5-9.el8                                                appstream 
opus.i686                                              1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                           appstream 
opus.x86_64                                            1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                           appstream 
opus-devel.i686                                        1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                           appstream 
opus-devel.x86_64                                      1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                           appstream 
orc.i686                                               0.4.28-3.el8                                               appstream 
orc.x86_64                                             0.4.28-3.el8                                               appstream 
orc-compiler.x86_64                                    0.4.28-3.el8                                               appstream 
orc-devel.i686                                         0.4.28-3.el8                                               appstream 
orc-devel.x86_64                                       0.4.28-3.el8                                               appstream 
orca.noarch                                            3.28.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
osad.noarch                                            5.11.99-8.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
osbuild.noarch                                         81-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-composer.x86_64                                75-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-composer-core.x86_64                           75-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-composer-dnf-json.x86_64                       75-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-composer-worker.x86_64                         75-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-luks2.noarch                                   81-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-lvm2.noarch                                    81-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-ostree.noarch                                  81-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
osbuild-selinux.noarch                                 81-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
oscap-anaconda-addon.noarch                            1.2.1-12.el8                                               appstream 
osinfo-db.noarch                                       20220727-2.el8                                             appstream 
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                 1.9.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
ostree.i686                                            2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
ostree.x86_64                                          2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
ostree-devel.i686                                      2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
ostree-devel.x86_64                                    2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
ostree-grub2.x86_64                                    2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
ostree-libs.i686                                       2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
ostree-libs.x86_64                                     2022.2-7.el8_8                                             appstream 
overpass-fonts.noarch                                  3.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
overpass-mono-fonts.noarch                             3.0.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
owasp-java-encoder.noarch                              1.2.2-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                        appstream 
owasp-java-encoder-javadoc.noarch                      1.2.2-3.module+el8.4.0+405+66dfe7da                        appstream 
p11-kit.i686                                           0.23.22-1.el8                                              baseos    
p11-kit-devel.i686                                     0.23.22-1.el8                                              baseos    
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                                   0.23.22-1.el8                                              baseos    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                  0.23.22-1.el8                                              baseos    
p11-kit-trust.i686                                     0.23.22-1.el8                                              baseos    
pacemaker-cluster-libs.i686                            2.1.5-9.3.el8_8                                            appstream 
pacemaker-cluster-libs.x86_64                          2.1.5-9.3.el8_8                                            appstream 
pacemaker-libs.i686                                    2.1.5-9.3.el8_8                                            appstream 
pacemaker-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.5-9.3.el8_8                                            appstream 
pacemaker-schemas.noarch                               2.1.5-9.3.el8_8                                            appstream 
pakchois.i686                                          0.4-17.el8                                                 appstream 
pakchois.x86_64                                        0.4-17.el8                                                 appstream 
paktype-naqsh-fonts.noarch                             4.1-8.el8                                                  appstream 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                       4.1-9.el8                                                  appstream 
paktype-tehreer-fonts.noarch                           4.1-8.el8                                                  appstream 
pam.i686                                               1.3.1-25.el8                                               baseos    
pam-devel.i686                                         1.3.1-25.el8                                               baseos    
pam-devel.x86_64                                       1.3.1-25.el8                                               baseos    
pam_cifscreds.x86_64                                   7.0-1.el8                                                  baseos    
pam_ssh_agent_auth.x86_64                              0.10.3-7.19.el8_8                                          baseos    
pango.i686                                             1.42.4-8.el8                                               appstream 
pango-devel.i686                                       1.42.4-8.el8                                               appstream 
pango-devel.x86_64                                     1.42.4-8.el8                                               appstream 
pangomm.i686                                           2.40.1-6.el8                                               appstream 
pangomm.x86_64                                         2.40.1-6.el8                                               appstream 
papi.i686                                              5.6.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
papi.x86_64                                            5.6.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
papi-devel.i686                                        5.6.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
papi-devel.x86_64                                      5.6.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
papi-libs.i686                                         5.6.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
papi-libs.x86_64                                       5.6.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
paps.x86_64                                            0.6.8-41.el8                                               appstream 
paps-libs.i686                                         0.6.8-41.el8                                               appstream 
paps-libs.x86_64                                       0.6.8-41.el8                                               appstream 
paratype-pt-sans-caption-fonts.noarch                  20141121-6.el8                                             appstream 
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                          20141121-6.el8                                             appstream 
parted.i686                                            3.2-39.el8                                                 baseos    
parted.x86_64                                          3.2-39.el8                                                 baseos    
passwd.x86_64                                          0.80-4.el8                                                 baseos    
pavucontrol.x86_64                                     3.0-11.el8                                                 appstream 
pcaudiolib.i686                                        1.1-2.el8                                                  appstream 
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                      1.1-2.el8                                                  appstream 
pciutils.x86_64                                        3.7.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
pciutils-devel.i686                                    3.7.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
pciutils-devel.x86_64                                  3.7.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
pciutils-libs.i686                                     3.7.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                   3.7.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
pcm.x86_64                                             202211-0.el8                                               appstream 
pcp.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-conf.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-devel.i686                                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-devel.x86_64                                       5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-doc.noarch                                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2elasticsearch.x86_64                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2spark.x86_64                            5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                           5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-gui.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                         5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                          5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                           5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-libs.i686                                          5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-libs.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-libs-devel.i686                                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-bpftrace.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-denki.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                                     5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                          5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-hacluster.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-mongodb.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-mssql.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-netcheck.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-openmetrics.x86_64                            5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-openvswitch.x86_64                            5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-rabbitmq.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-sockets.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-statsd.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                                 5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                                  5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                     5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                                5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-testsuite.i686                                     5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
pcre.i686                                              8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-cpp.i686                                          8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                        8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-devel.i686                                        8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                      8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-utf16.i686                                        8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                      8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-utf32.i686                                        8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                      8.42-6.el8                                                 baseos    
pcre2.i686                                             10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcre2-devel.i686                                       10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                     10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcre2-utf16.i686                                       10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                     10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcre2-utf32.i686                                       10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                     10.32-3.el8_6                                              baseos    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                       1.9.5-1.el8                                                baseos    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                  1.4.29-5.1.el8_4                                           baseos    
pcsc-lite-doc.noarch                                   1.9.5-1.el8                                                baseos    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                    1.9.5-1.el8                                                baseos    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                  1.9.5-1.el8                                                baseos    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                  1.1.3-17.el8                                               appstream 
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                   1:0.9.4-15.el8                                             appstream 
perf.x86_64                                            4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
perftest.x86_64                                        4.5.0.20-4.el8                                             baseos    
peripety.x86_64                                        0.1.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
perl.x86_64                                            4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           appstream 
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                             1.1903-9.el8                                               baseos    
perl-App-cpanminus.noarch                              1.7044-5.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                       appstream 
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                2.30-1.el8                                                 baseos    
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                1.60-3.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                         0.99-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                                2.16-13.el8                                                appstream 
perl-B-Debug.noarch                                    1.26-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-B-Lint.noarch                                     1.20-11.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                                 7.4-11.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-CGI.noarch                                        4.38-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-CPAN.noarch                                       2.18-397.el8                                               appstream 
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                          0.12-13.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                  2.150010-396.el8                                           appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check.noarch                            0.014-6.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                     2.140-396.el8                                              appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                             0.018-397.el8                                              appstream 
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                  6.06-6.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Class-ISA.noarch                                  0.36-1022.el8                                              appstream 
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                            1.32-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                             2.26-6.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                         2.081-1.el8                                                baseos    
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                          2.081-1.el8                                                baseos    
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                              0.30-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                               0.27-17.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum.x86_64                       0.09-5.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA.x86_64                          0.31-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random.x86_64                       0.15-3.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                  4.046-3.module+el8.6.0+904+ef468285                        appstream 
perl-DBD-Pg.x86_64                                     3.7.4-4.module+el8.6.0+900+c436f5d0                        appstream 
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                                 1.58-2.module+el8.6.0+896+cac283ec                         appstream 
perl-DBI.x86_64                                        1.641-4.module+el8.6.0+891+677074cb                        appstream 
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                    1.842-1.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                  1.23-7.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                               0.110-6.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Data-Section.noarch                               0.200007-3.el8                                             appstream 
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                  6.4-9.el8                                                  appstream 
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                                 6.60-2.el8                                                 baseos    
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                               3.36-5.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                 1.26-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                          1.06-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                 0.81-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                                1.03-17.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                 1:6.02-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Encode.i686                                       4:2.97-3.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Encode-Detect.x86_64                              1.01-28.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                              1.05-10.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-Encode-devel.i686                                 4:2.97-3.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                               4:2.97-3.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Env.noarch                                        1.04-395.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                          1:0.280230-2.el8                                           appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                           1:7.34-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                             1.34-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                           2.14-4.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                          1:7.34-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                         1:7.34-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                          1.70-395.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                          1.06-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                           1:3.35-2.el8                                               appstream 
perl-FCGI.x86_64                                       1:0.78-11.module+el8.6.0+916+2b7f97e1                      appstream 
perl-File-CheckTree.noarch                             4.42-303.el8                                               appstream 
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                 0.56-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                               1.002-4.el8                                                appstream 
perl-File-Listing.noarch                               6.04-17.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                              1.104-3.el8                                                appstream 
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                                 9999.19-19.el8                                             appstream 
perl-File-Which.noarch                                 1.22-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-File-pushd.noarch                                 1.014-6.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        appstream 
perl-Filter.x86_64                                     2:1.58-2.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                              0.94-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                     0.28-25.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Git-SVN.noarch                                    2.39.3-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                                3.72-15.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                                3.20-34.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                               6.04-2.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                  6.02-19.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                               6.18-1.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                             6.01-19.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                2.081-1.el8                                                baseos    
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                    1.001-11.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                       appstream 
perl-IO-Multiplex.noarch                               1.16-9.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch                            2.72-12.el8                                                appstream 
perl-IO-String.noarch                                  1.08-32.el8                                                appstream 
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                    1:1.10-422.el8                                             baseos    
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                    2:1.02-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                   2.07-397.el8                                               appstream 
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                          1.25-17.el8                                                appstream 
perl-JSON.noarch                                       2.97.001-2.el8                                             appstream 
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                    1:2.97.001-3.el8                                           appstream 
perl-LDAP.noarch                                       1:0.66-7.el8                                               appstream 
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                             6.02-15.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                         6.07-4.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                               3.57-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                            1.28-396.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                     1:0.21-422.el8                                             appstream 
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                 0.13-4.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Mail-AuthenticationResults.noarch                 2.20210112-1.el8                                           appstream 
perl-Mail-DKIM.noarch                                  1.20200907-1.el8                                           appstream 
perl-Mail-SPF.noarch                                   2.9.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                                1:0.903-7.el8                                              appstream 
perl-MailTools.noarch                                  2.20-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                1:1.9998.11-7.el8                                          baseos    
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                       0.500.600-6.el8                                            appstream 
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                0.2614-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                               1.59-422.el8                                               baseos    
perl-Memoize.noarch                                    1.03-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Module-Build.noarch                               2:0.42.24-5.el8                                            appstream 
perl-Module-CPANfile.noarch                            1.1002-7.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                       appstream 
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                            1:5.20181130-1.el8                                         appstream 
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                      1:5.20181130-1.el8                                         appstream 
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                1:0.32-395.el8                                             appstream 
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                    0.68-395.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                              1:0.08-422.el8                                             appstream 
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                            1.000033-395.el8                                           appstream 
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                           2:5.2-7.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                             0.016-2.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Mozilla-LDAP.x86_64                               1.5.3-25.el8                                               appstream 
perl-NTLM.noarch                                       1.09-17.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-Net-DNS.noarch                                    1.15-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                   6.17-2.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                   2.55-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                               1.04-5.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Net-Server.noarch                                 2.009-3.el8                                                appstream 
perl-NetAddr-IP.x86_64                                 4.079-7.el8                                                appstream 
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                              5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                             5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                                   5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                          1.106-11.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Params-Check.noarch                               1:0.38-395.el8                                             appstream 
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                1.07-22.el8                                                appstream 
perl-Parse-PMFile.noarch                               0.41-7.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                         appstream 
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                                 1.21-2.el8                                                 baseos    
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                1.010-396.el8                                              appstream 
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                     0.08-395.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                4:1.73-395.el8                                             appstream 
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                   1.22.02-422.el8                                            appstream 
perl-Pod-LaTeX.noarch                                  0.61-302.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                                 1.63-396.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Pod-Plainer.noarch                                1.04-7.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-SNMP_Session.noarch                               1.13-17.el8                                                appstream 
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                 1.23-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Socket6.x86_64                                    0.28-6.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Software-License.noarch                           0.103013-2.el8                                             appstream 
perl-String-CRC32.x86_64                               1.6-4.el8                                                  appstream 
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch                          1.04-24.module+el8.6.0+961+8164b543                        appstream 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                               0.987-15.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                0.928-14.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Sys-CPU.x86_64                                    0.61-14.el8                                                baseos    
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                                1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
perl-Sys-MemInfo.x86_64                                0.99-6.el8                                                 baseos    
perl-Sys-Virt.x86_64                                   8.0.0-1.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
perl-Test.noarch                                       1.30-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                               1:3.42-1.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                1:1.302135-1.el8                                           appstream 
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                              2.03-395.el8                                               appstream 
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                  1.45-2.el8                                                 baseos    
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                  0.11-4.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                               3.05-8.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Text-Template.noarch                              1.51-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                             1.30-5.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                 4:1.9758-2.el8                                             appstream 
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                 1.31-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                   1:2.30-15.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                      appstream 
perl-Tk.x86_64                                         804.034-2.el8                                              appstream 
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                   0.30-7.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                            1.25-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-Unix-Syslog.x86_64                                1.1-29.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                             6.02-18.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                        appstream 
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                                1.03-11.el8                                                appstream 
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                                 1:2.0132-2.el8                                             appstream 
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                       1.12-4.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                    1.00-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                               1.09-4.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                                 2.25-1.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                             0.05-25.el8                                                appstream 
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                  1.42-3.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-YAML.noarch                                       1.24-3.module+el8.6.0+953+b8fc4031                         appstream 
perl-autodie.noarch                                    2.29-396.el8                                               appstream 
perl-bignum.noarch                                     0.49-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-devel.i686                                        4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           appstream 
perl-devel.x86_64                                      4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           appstream 
perl-encoding.x86_64                                   4:2.22-3.el8                                               appstream 
perl-experimental.noarch                               0.019-2.el8                                                appstream 
perl-hivex.x86_64                                      1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     appstream 
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                 2:0.500-9.el8                                              appstream 
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                               1.29-2.el8                                                 appstream 
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                  4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           appstream 
perl-libs.i686                                         4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           baseos    
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                                6.34-1.module+el8.6.0+965+850557f9                         appstream 
perl-libxml-perl.noarch                                0.08-33.el8                                                appstream 
perl-local-lib.noarch                                  2.000024-2.el8                                             appstream 
perl-open.noarch                                       1.11-422.el8                                               appstream 
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                    5.20180605-1.el8                                           appstream 
perl-tests.x86_64                                      4:5.26.3-422.el8                                           appstream 
perl-utils.noarch                                      5.26.3-422.el8                                             appstream 
perl-version.x86_64                                    6:0.99.24-1.el8                                            appstream 
php.x86_64                                             7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-bcmath.x86_64                                      7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-cli.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-common.x86_64                                      7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-dba.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-dbg.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-devel.x86_64                                       7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-embedded.x86_64                                    7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-enchant.x86_64                                     7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-fpm.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-gd.x86_64                                          7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-gmp.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-intl.x86_64                                        7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-json.x86_64                                        7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-ldap.x86_64                                        7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-mbstring.x86_64                                    7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                     7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-odbc.x86_64                                        7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-opcache.x86_64                                     7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-pdo.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-pear.noarch                                        1:1.10.5-9.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                     appstream 
php-pecl-apcu.x86_64                                   5.1.12-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-pecl-apcu-devel.x86_64                             5.1.12-2.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-pecl-zip.x86_64                                    1.15.3-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-pgsql.x86_64                                       7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-process.x86_64                                     7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-recode.x86_64                                      7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-snmp.x86_64                                        7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-soap.x86_64                                        7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-xml.x86_64                                         7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
php-xmlrpc.x86_64                                      7.2.24-1.module+el8.4.0+413+c9202dda                       appstream 
pidgin.x86_64                                          2.13.0-5.el8                                               appstream 
pidgin-sipe.x86_64                                     1.23.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
pinentry.x86_64                                        1.1.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
pinentry-emacs.x86_64                                  1.1.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                 1.1.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                    1.1.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
pinfo.x86_64                                           0.6.10-18.el8                                              appstream 
pipewire.i686                                          0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire.x86_64                                        0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire-devel.i686                                    0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire-doc.x86_64                                    0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire-libs.i686                                     0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                   0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                  0.3.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire0.2-devel.i686                                 0.2.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire0.2-devel.x86_64                               0.2.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire0.2-libs.i686                                  0.2.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                                0.2.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
pixman.i686                                            0.38.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
pixman-devel.i686                                      0.38.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
pixman-devel.x86_64                                    0.38.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
pkgconf.i686                                           1.4.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
pkgconf-pkg-config.i686                                1.4.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
platform-python.i686                                   3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
platform-python-coverage.x86_64                        4.5.1-9.el8                                                appstream 
platform-python-debug.i686                             3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
platform-python-debug.x86_64                           3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
platform-python-devel.i686                             3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
platform-python-devel.x86_64                           3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
plexus-cipher.noarch                                   1.7-14.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
plexus-classworlds.noarch                              2.5.2-9.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
plexus-containers-component-annotations.noarch         1.7.1-8.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
plexus-interpolation.noarch                            1.22-9.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
plexus-sec-dispatcher.noarch                           1.4-26.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                         appstream 
plexus-utils.noarch                                    3.1.0-3.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                        appstream 
plymouth.x86_64                                        0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-core-libs.i686                                0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                              0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.i686                            0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                          0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber.x86_64                   0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                           0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                          0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-plugin-space-flares.x86_64                    0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-plugin-throbgress.x86_64                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                        0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                           0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-theme-charge.x86_64                           0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-theme-fade-in.x86_64                          0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-theme-script.x86_64                           0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-theme-solar.x86_64                            0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-theme-spinfinity.x86_64                       0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                          0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.el8                            appstream 
pmdk-convert.x86_64                                    1.7-1.el8                                                  appstream 
pmempool.x86_64                                        1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
pmix.i686                                              2.2.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
pmix.x86_64                                            2.2.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
pmreorder.x86_64                                       1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
pnm2ppa.x86_64                                         1:1.04-40.el8                                              appstream 
podman.x86_64                                          3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
podman-catatonit.x86_64                                3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
podman-docker.noarch                                   3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                  3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
podman-plugins.x86_64                                  3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
podman-remote.x86_64                                   3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
podman-tests.x86_64                                    3:4.4.1-15.module+el8.8.0+1457+f880438c                    appstream 
policycoreutils.x86_64                                 2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-dbus.noarch                            2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-devel.i686                             2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                           2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-gui.noarch                             2.9-24.el8                                                 appstream 
policycoreutils-newrole.x86_64                         2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                    2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-restorecond.x86_64                     2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
policycoreutils-sandbox.x86_64                         2.9-24.el8                                                 appstream 
polkit.x86_64                                          0.115-15.el8                                               baseos    
polkit-devel.i686                                      0.115-15.el8                                               baseos    
polkit-devel.x86_64                                    0.115-15.el8                                               baseos    
polkit-docs.noarch                                     0.115-15.el8                                               baseos    
polkit-libs.i686                                       0.115-15.el8                                               baseos    
polkit-libs.x86_64                                     0.115-15.el8                                               baseos    
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                              0.1-12.el8                                                 baseos    
poppler.i686                                           20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
poppler.x86_64                                         20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
poppler-data.noarch                                    0.4.9-1.el8                                                appstream 
poppler-glib.i686                                      20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
poppler-glib.x86_64                                    20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
poppler-qt5.i686                                       20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                     20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
poppler-utils.x86_64                                   20.11.0-6.el8                                              appstream 
popt.i686                                              1.18-1.el8                                                 baseos    
popt-devel.i686                                        1.18-1.el8                                                 baseos    
popt-devel.x86_64                                      1.18-1.el8                                                 baseos    
portreserve.x86_64                                     0.0.5-19.el8                                               baseos    
postfix.x86_64                                         2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              baseos    
postfix-cdb.x86_64                                     2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postfix-ldap.x86_64                                    2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postfix-mysql.x86_64                                   2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postfix-pcre.x86_64                                    2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                            2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postfix-pgsql.x86_64                                   2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postfix-sqlite.x86_64                                  2:3.5.8-4.el8                                              appstream 
postgresql.x86_64                                      10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                              10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-docs.x86_64                                 10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                                 42.2.14-2.el8                                              appstream 
postgresql-jdbc-javadoc.noarch                         42.2.14-2.el8                                              appstream 
postgresql-odbc.x86_64                                 10.03.0000-3.el8_6                                         appstream 
postgresql-odbc-tests.x86_64                           10.03.0000-3.el8_6                                         appstream 
postgresql-plperl.x86_64                               10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-plpython3.x86_64                            10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-pltcl.x86_64                                10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-server.x86_64                               10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-server-devel.x86_64                         10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-static.x86_64                               10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-test.x86_64                                 10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-test-rpm-macros.x86_64                      10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-upgrade.x86_64                              10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
postgresql-upgrade-devel.x86_64                        10.23-2.module+el8.8.0+1440+992378a9                       appstream 
potrace.i686                                           1.15-3.el8                                                 appstream 
potrace.x86_64                                         1.15-3.el8                                                 appstream 
powertop.x86_64                                        2.15-1.el8                                                 appstream 
ppp.x86_64                                             2.4.7-26.el8_1                                             baseos    
pptp.x86_64                                            1.10.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
prefixdevname.x86_64                                   0.1.0-6.el8                                                baseos    
procmail.x86_64                                        3.22-47.el8                                                appstream 
procps-ng.i686                                         3.3.15-13.el8                                              baseos    
procps-ng-i18n.noarch                                  3.3.15-13.el8                                              baseos    
prometheus-jmx-exporter.noarch                         0.12.0-10.el8                                              appstream 
prometheus-jmx-exporter-openjdk11.noarch               0.12.0-10.el8                                              appstream 
prometheus-jmx-exporter-openjdk17.noarch               0.12.0-10.el8                                              appstream 
prometheus-jmx-exporter-openjdk8.noarch                0.12.0-10.el8                                              appstream 
protobuf.i686                                          3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
protobuf.x86_64                                        3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
protobuf-c.i686                                        1.3.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
protobuf-c.x86_64                                      1.3.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
protobuf-c-compiler.i686                               1.3.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
protobuf-c-compiler.x86_64                             1.3.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
protobuf-c-devel.i686                                  1.3.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
protobuf-c-devel.x86_64                                1.3.0-6.el8                                                appstream 
protobuf-compiler.i686                                 3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
protobuf-compiler.x86_64                               3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
protobuf-lite.i686                                     3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                   3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
ps_mem.noarch                                          3.6-9.el8                                                  baseos    
psacct.x86_64                                          6.6.3-4.el8                                                baseos    
psmisc.x86_64                                          23.1-5.el8                                                 baseos    
publicsuffix-list.noarch                               20180723-1.el8                                             baseos    
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                         20180723-1.el8                                             baseos    
pulseaudio.x86_64                                      14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                   14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                 14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.i686                             14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                           14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.i686                             14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                           14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                     14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                           14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                14.0-4.el8                                                 appstream 
purple-sipe.x86_64                                     1.23.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
pygobject2.x86_64                                      2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       appstream 
pygobject2-codegen.x86_64                              2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       appstream 
pygobject2-devel.x86_64                                2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       appstream 
pygobject2-doc.x86_64                                  2.28.7-4.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       appstream 
pygtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      appstream 
pygtk2-codegen.x86_64                                  2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      appstream 
pygtk2-devel.x86_64                                    2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      appstream 
pygtk2-doc.noarch                                      2.24.0-24.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                      appstream 
pykickstart.noarch                                     3.16.15-1.el8                                              appstream 
python-nose-docs.noarch                                1.3.7-31.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                             2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python-pymongo-doc.noarch                              3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        appstream 
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                           5.15.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
python-sqlalchemy-doc.noarch                           1.3.2-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        appstream 
python-virtualenv-doc.noarch                           15.1.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1166+572f522f                     appstream 
python2.x86_64                                         2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-Cython.x86_64                                  0.28.1-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-PyMySQL.noarch                                 0.8.0-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-attrs.noarch                                   17.4.0-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                      appstream 
python2-babel.noarch                                   2.5.1-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-backports.x86_64                               1.0-16.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                         appstream 
python2-backports-ssl_match_hostname.noarch            3.5.0.1-12.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                     appstream 
python2-bson.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-cairo.x86_64                                   1.16.3-6.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       appstream 
python2-cairo-devel.x86_64                             1.16.3-6.module+el8.3.0+157+a69fdc85                       appstream 
python2-chardet.noarch                                 3.0.4-10.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-coverage.x86_64                                4.5.1-4.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-debug.x86_64                                   2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-devel.x86_64                                   2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-dns.noarch                                     1.15.0-10.module+el8.7.0+1062+663ba31c                     appstream 
python2-docs.noarch                                    2.7.16-2.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-docs-info.noarch                               2.7.16-2.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-docutils.noarch                                0.14-12.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                        appstream 
python2-funcsigs.noarch                                1.0.2-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-idna.noarch                                    2.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                          appstream 
python2-ipaddress.noarch                               1.0.18-6.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-jinja2.noarch                                  2.10-9.module+el8.7.0+1062+663ba31c                        appstream 
python2-libs.x86_64                                    2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-lxml.x86_64                                    4.2.3-6.module+el8.6.0+793+57002515                        appstream 
python2-markupsafe.x86_64                              0.23-19.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-mock.noarch                                    2.0.0-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-nose.noarch                                    1.3.7-31.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-numpy.x86_64                                   1:1.14.2-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                    appstream 
python2-numpy-doc.noarch                               1:1.14.2-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                    appstream 
python2-numpy-f2py.x86_64                              1:1.14.2-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                    appstream 
python2-pip.noarch                                     9.0.3-19.module+el8.6.0+793+57002515                       appstream 
python2-pip-wheel.noarch                               9.0.3-19.module+el8.6.0+793+57002515                       appstream 
python2-pluggy.noarch                                  0.6.0-8.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-psycopg2.x86_64                                2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-psycopg2-debug.x86_64                          2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                          2.7.5-7.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-py.noarch                                      1.5.3-6.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-pygments.noarch                                2.2.0-22.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-pymongo.x86_64                                 3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                          3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-pysocks.noarch                                 1.6.8-6.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-pytest.noarch                                  3.4.2-13.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-pytest-mock.noarch                             1.9.0-4.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                        appstream 
python2-pytz.noarch                                    2017.2-12.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                      appstream 
python2-pyyaml.x86_64                                  3.12-16.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                        appstream 
python2-requests.noarch                                2.20.0-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                              3-38.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                           appstream 
python2-scipy.x86_64                                   1.0.0-21.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-scour.noarch                                   0.35-9.module+el8.4.0+533+773bb730                         appstream 
python2-setuptools.noarch                              39.0.1-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                      appstream 
python2-setuptools-wheel.noarch                        39.0.1-13.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                      appstream 
python2-setuptools_scm.noarch                          1.15.7-6.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-six.noarch                                     1.11.0-6.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                       appstream 
python2-sqlalchemy.x86_64                              1.3.2-2.module+el8.4.0+403+9ae17a31                        appstream 
python2-test.x86_64                                    2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-tkinter.x86_64                                 2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-tools.x86_64                                   2.7.18-13.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e.1.rocky.0.2         appstream 
python2-urllib3.noarch                                 1.24.2-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                       appstream 
python2-virtualenv.noarch                              15.1.0-21.module+el8.8.0+1314+be03569e                     appstream 
python2-wheel.noarch                                   1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                     appstream 
python2-wheel-wheel.noarch                             1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+706+735ec4b3                     appstream 
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                                 0.10.1-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                       appstream 
python3-abrt.x86_64                                    2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
python3-abrt-addon.x86_64                              2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
python3-abrt-container-addon.x86_64                    2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
python3-abrt-doc.noarch                                2.10.9-24.el8.rocky.0.1                                    appstream 
python3-argcomplete.noarch                             1.9.3-6.el8                                                appstream 
python3-argh.noarch                                    0.26.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                              0.24.0-3.el8                                               baseos    
python3-attrs.noarch                                   17.4.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
python3-audit.x86_64                                   3.0.7-4.el8                                                baseos    
python3-augeas.noarch                                  0.5.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
python3-avahi.x86_64                                   0.7-20.el8                                                 baseos    
python3-babel.noarch                                   2.5.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
python3-bcc.x86_64                                     0.25.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3-bind.noarch                                    32:9.11.36-8.el8_8.1                                       appstream 
python3-bind9.16.noarch                                32:9.16.23-0.14.el8_8.1                                    appstream 
python3-blivet.noarch                                  1:3.6.0-4.el8                                              appstream 
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                2.28-2.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-boom.noarch                                    1.3-2.el8                                                  baseos    
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                  0.6.7-32.el8                                               appstream 
python3-brotli.x86_64                                  1.0.6-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-bson.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        appstream 
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                1.4-3.el8                                                  appstream 
python3-cairo.i686                                     1.16.3-6.el8                                               appstream 
python3-cairo.x86_64                                   1.16.3-6.el8                                               appstream 
python3-cffi.x86_64                                    1.11.5-5.el8                                               baseos    
python3-chardet.noarch                                 3.0.4-7.el8                                                baseos    
python3-clang.i686                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
python3-clang.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
python3-click.noarch                                   6.7-8.el8                                                  appstream 
python3-cloud-what.x86_64                              1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
python3-configobj.noarch                               5.0.6-11.el8                                               baseos    
python3-configshell.noarch                             1:1.1.28-1.el8                                             baseos    
python3-coverage.x86_64                                4.5.1-9.el8                                                appstream 
python3-cpio.noarch                                    0.1-29.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-createrepo_c.x86_64                            0.17.7-6.el8                                               appstream 
python3-criu.x86_64                                    3.15-4.module+el8.8.0+1318+1b722f17                        appstream 
python3-cryptography.x86_64                            3.2.1-5.el8                                                baseos    
python3-cups.x86_64                                    1.9.72-21.el8.rocky                                        appstream 
python3-dasbus.noarch                                  1.2-2.el8                                                  appstream 
python3-dbus-client-gen.noarch                         0.4-1.el8                                                  appstream 
python3-dbus-python-client-gen.noarch                  0.7-3.el8                                                  appstream 
python3-dbus-signature-pyparsing.noarch                0.03-2.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-decorator.noarch                               4.2.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
python3-distro.noarch                                  1.4.0-2.module+el8.3.0+120+426d8baf                        appstream 
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                               3.12.3-2.el8                                               baseos    
python3-dnf-plugin-modulesync.noarch                   4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            appstream 
python3-dnf-plugin-post-transaction-actions.noarch     4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            baseos    
python3-dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                    2.8.5-11.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                       appstream 
python3-dnf-plugin-versionlock.noarch                  4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            baseos    
python3-dns.noarch                                     1.15.0-11.el8                                              baseos    
python3-docs.noarch                                    3.6.7-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        appstream 
python3-docutils.noarch                                0.14-12.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        appstream 
python3-enchant.noarch                                 2.0.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-ethtool.x86_64                                 0.14-5.el8                                                 baseos    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                   1.1.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-firewall.noarch                                0.9.3-13.el8                                               baseos    
python3-flask.noarch                                   1:0.12.2-4.el8                                             appstream 
python3-freeradius.x86_64                              3.0.20-14.module+el8.8.0+1130+46a6e0a1                     appstream 
python3-gevent.x86_64                                  1.2.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-gobject.i686                                   3.28.3-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3-gobject.x86_64                                 3.28.3-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3-gobject-base.i686                              3.28.3-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                            3.28.3-2.el8                                               baseos    
python3-greenlet.x86_64                                0.4.13-4.el8                                               appstream 
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                  1.5.1-5.el8                                                appstream 
python3-hivex.x86_64                                   1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     appstream 
python3-html5lib.noarch                                1:0.999999999-6.el8                                        appstream 
python3-humanize.noarch                                0.5.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
python3-hwdata.noarch                                  2.3.6-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-idle.i686                                      3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
python3-idle.x86_64                                    3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
python3-idna.noarch                                    2.5-5.el8                                                  baseos    
python3-iniparse.noarch                                0.4-31.el8                                                 baseos    
python3-inotify.noarch                                 0.9.6-13.el8                                               baseos    
python3-into-dbus-python.noarch                        0.06-2.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-ipaclient.noarch                               4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
python3-ipalib.noarch                                  4.9.11-5.module+el8.8.0+1278+71fdfbb8                      appstream 
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                   6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.el8_8                                 baseos    
python3-itsdangerous.noarch                            0.24-14.el8                                                appstream 
python3-jabberpy.noarch                                0.5-0.38.el8                                               appstream 
python3-jinja2.noarch                                  2.10.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
python3-jmespath.noarch                                0.9.0-11.el8                                               appstream 
python3-jsonpatch.noarch                               1.21-2.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                             1.10-11.el8                                                appstream 
python3-jsonschema.noarch                              2.6.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-justbases.noarch                               0.14-4.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-justbytes.noarch                               0.14-2.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-jwcrypto.noarch                                0.5.0-1.1.module+el8.7.0+1074+aae18f3a                     appstream 
python3-jwt.noarch                                     1.6.1-2.el8                                                baseos    
python3-keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch           1.0-2.el8                                                  appstream 
python3-kickstart.noarch                               3.16.15-1.el8                                              appstream 
python3-kmod.x86_64                                    0.9-20.el8                                                 baseos    
python3-koan.noarch                                    2.0.7.1-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
python3-langtable.noarch                               0.0.51-4.el8                                               appstream 
python3-lasso.x86_64                                   2.6.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
python3-ldap.x86_64                                    3.3.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
python3-ldb.i686                                       2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-ldb.x86_64                                     2.6.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-leapp.noarch                                   0.15.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                              1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                             2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                             2.13.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-libmount.x86_64                                2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            appstream 
python3-libnbd.x86_64                                  1.6.0-5.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
python3-libnl3.x86_64                                  3.7.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-libnmstate.noarch                              1.4.4-2.el8_8                                              appstream 
python3-libproxy.noarch                                0.4.15-5.2.el8                                             baseos    
python3-librepo.x86_64                                 1.14.2-4.el8                                               baseos    
python3-libreport.x86_64                               2.9.5-15.el8.rocky.6.3                                     appstream 
python3-libs.i686                                      3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   baseos    
python3-libselinux.x86_64                              2.9-8.el8                                                  baseos    
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                             2.9-9.el8_6                                                baseos    
python3-libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                        2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
python3-libstoragemgmt.i686                            1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64                          1.9.1-3.el8                                                baseos    
python3-libuser.x86_64                                 0.62-25.el8                                                baseos    
python3-libvirt.x86_64                                 8.0.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
python3-libvoikko.noarch                               4.1.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                 2.9.7-16.el8_8.1                                           baseos    
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                            0.7.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-lit.noarch                                     15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
python3-lldb.i686                                      15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
python3-lldb.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.module+el8.8.0+1144+0a4e73bd                      appstream 
python3-louis.noarch                                   2.6.2-21.el8                                               appstream 
python3-lxml.x86_64                                    4.2.3-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-magic.noarch                                   5.33-24.el8                                                baseos    
python3-mako.noarch                                    1.0.6-14.el8                                               appstream 
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                              0.23-19.el8                                                appstream 
python3-meh.noarch                                     0.47.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                 0.47.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-mod_wsgi.x86_64                                4.6.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
python3-netaddr.noarch                                 0.7.19-8.el8                                               appstream 
python3-netifaces.x86_64                               0.10.6-4.el8                                               appstream 
python3-networkx.noarch                                1.11-16.1.el8                                              appstream 
python3-networkx-core.noarch                           1.11-16.1.el8                                              appstream 
python3-newt.x86_64                                    0.52.20-11.el8                                             appstream 
python3-nftables.x86_64                                1:0.9.3-26.el8                                             baseos    
python3-nispor.noarch                                  1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-nose.noarch                                    1.3.7-31.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python3-ntplib.noarch                                  0.3.3-10.el8                                               appstream 
python3-numpy.x86_64                                   1:1.14.3-10.el8                                            appstream 
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                              1:1.14.3-10.el8                                            appstream 
python3-oauthlib.noarch                                2.1.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-openipmi.x86_64                                2.0.31-3.el8                                               baseos    
python3-ordered-set.noarch                             2.0.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-osa-common.noarch                              5.11.99-8.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
python3-osad.noarch                                    5.11.99-8.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
python3-osbuild.noarch                                 81-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                         appstream 
python3-pcp.x86_64                                     5.3.7-17.el8_8                                             appstream 
python3-perf.x86_64                                    4.18.0-477.27.1.el8_8                                      baseos    
python3-pexpect.noarch                                 4.3.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pid.noarch                                     2.1.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pillow.x86_64                                  5.1.1-18.el8_5                                             appstream 
python3-pip.noarch                                     9.0.3-22.el8.rocky.0                                       appstream 
python3-pluggy.noarch                                  0.6.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-ply.noarch                                     3.9-9.el8                                                  baseos    
python3-podman.noarch                                  4.4.1-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       appstream 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                         2.9-24.el8                                                 baseos    
python3-prettytable.noarch                             0.7.2-14.el8                                               appstream 
python3-productmd.noarch                               1.11-3.el8                                                 appstream 
python3-protobuf.noarch                                3.5.0-15.el8                                               appstream 
python3-psutil.x86_64                                  5.4.3-11.el8                                               appstream 
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                                2.7.5-7.el8                                                appstream 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                              0.5.2-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pwquality.x86_64                               1.4.4-6.el8                                                baseos    
python3-py.noarch                                      1.5.3-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                               19.0.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                  0.3.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                          0.3.7-6.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                 2.26.0-6.el8                                               appstream 
python3-pycparser.noarch                               2.14-14.el8                                                baseos    
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                  7.43.0.2-4.el8                                             appstream 
python3-pydbus.noarch                                  0.6.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pyghmi.noarch                                  1.5.29-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3-pygments.noarch                                2.2.0-22.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python3-pymongo.x86_64                                 3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        appstream 
python3-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                          3.7.0-1.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                        appstream 
python3-pyodbc.x86_64                                  4.0.30-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3-pyparsing.noarch                               2.1.10-7.el8                                               baseos    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                1:3.11.7-4.el8                                             appstream 
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                               4.19.25-1.el8                                              appstream 
python3-pyserial.noarch                                3.1.1-8.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pysocks.noarch                                 1.6.8-3.el8                                                baseos    
python3-pytest.noarch                                  3.4.2-11.el8                                               appstream 
python3-pytoml.noarch                                  0.1.14-5.git7dea353.el8                                    appstream 
python3-pytz.noarch                                    2017.2-9.el8                                               appstream 
python3-pyudev.noarch                                  0.21.0-7.el8                                               baseos    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                   1.0.0-9.1.module+el8.7.0+1074+aae18f3a                     appstream 
python3-pyverbs.x86_64                                 44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
python3-pywbem.noarch                                  0.11.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                   0.25-16.el8                                                appstream 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                  3.12-12.el8                                                baseos    
python3-qrcode.noarch                                  5.1-12.module+el8.4.0+430+1dcf16bb                         appstream 
python3-qrcode-core.noarch                             5.1-12.module+el8.4.0+430+1dcf16bb                         appstream 
python3-qt5.i686                                       5.15.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
python3-qt5.x86_64                                     5.15.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
python3-qt5-base.i686                                  5.15.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                5.15.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
python3-reportlab.x86_64                               3.4.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
python3-requests.noarch                                2.20.0-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
python3-requests-file.noarch                           1.4.3-5.el8                                                appstream 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                            0.3.1-11.el8                                               appstream 
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                       1.0.0-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-rhn-check.x86_64                               2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
python3-rhn-client-tools.x86_64                        2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
python3-rhn-setup.x86_64                               2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
python3-rhn-setup-gnome.x86_64                         2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
python3-rhn-virtualization-common.noarch               5.4.70-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       appstream 
python3-rhn-virtualization-host.noarch                 5.4.70-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       appstream 
python3-rhncfg.noarch                                  5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
python3-rhncfg-actions.noarch                          5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
python3-rhncfg-client.noarch                           5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
python3-rhncfg-management.noarch                       5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
python3-rhnlib.noarch                                  2.8.6-8.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                        appstream 
python3-rhnpush.noarch                                 5.5.110-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                          5-8.el8                                                    appstream 
python3-rpmfluff.noarch                                0.5.7.1-2.el8                                              appstream 
python3-rtslib.noarch                                  2.1.75-4.el8                                               baseos    
python3-samba.i686                                     4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
python3-samba.x86_64                                   4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
python3-samba-test.x86_64                              4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
python3-sanlock.x86_64                                 3.8.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
python3-schedutils.x86_64                              0.6-6.el8                                                  baseos    
python3-scipy.x86_64                                   1.0.0-21.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python3-scour.noarch                                   0.35-10.el8                                                appstream 
python3-semantic_version.noarch                        2.6.0-5.el8                                                appstream 
python3-setools.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
python3-setuptools.noarch                              39.2.0-7.el8                                               baseos    
python3-simpleline.noarch                              1.1.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
python3-slip.noarch                                    0.6.4-13.el8                                               baseos    
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                               0.6.4-13.el8                                               baseos    
python3-solv.x86_64                                    0.7.20-4.el8_7                                             baseos    
python3-spacewalk-abrt.noarch                          2.8.3-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
python3-spacewalk-backend-libs.noarch                  2.8.48-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       appstream 
python3-spacewalk-koan.noarch                          2.8.6-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
python3-spacewalk-oscap.noarch                         2.8.5-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
python3-spacewalk-usix.noarch                          2.8.1-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
python3-speechd.x86_64                                 0.8.8-6.el8                                                appstream 
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                              1.3.2-2.module+el8.4.0+597+ddf0ddea                        appstream 
python3-sss.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                              2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                              2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64               1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
python3-suds.noarch                                    0.7-0.11.94664ddd46a6.el8                                  appstream 
python3-sushy.noarch                                   1.3.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3-syspurpose.x86_64                              1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
python3-talloc.i686                                    2.3.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                  2.3.4-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-tbb.x86_64                                     2018.2-9.el8                                               appstream 
python3-tdb.i686                                       1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                     1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
python3-test.i686                                      3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
python3-test.x86_64                                    3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   baseos    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                  0.13.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
python3-tkinter.i686                                   3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                 3.6.8-51.el8_8.1.rocky.0                                   appstream 
python3-tracer.noarch                                  0.7.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
python3-unbound.x86_64                                 1.16.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
python3-urllib3.noarch                                 1.24.2-5.el8                                               baseos    
python3-urwid.x86_64                                   1.3.1-4.el8                                                baseos    
python3-varlink.noarch                                 29.0.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
python3-virtualenv.noarch                              15.1.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1166+572f522f                     appstream 
python3-webencodings.noarch                            0.5.1-6.el8                                                appstream 
python3-werkzeug.noarch                                0.12.2-4.el8                                               appstream 
python3-wheel.noarch                                   1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                     appstream 
python3-wheel-wheel.noarch                             1:0.31.1-3.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                     appstream 
python3-wx-siplib.x86_64                               4.19.25-1.el8                                              appstream 
python3-yubico.noarch                                  1.3.2-9.1.module+el8.7.0+1074+aae18f3a                     appstream 
python3.11.x86_64                                      3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-PyMySQL.noarch                              1.0.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
python3.11-cffi.x86_64                                 1.15.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-charset-normalizer.noarch                   2.1.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
python3.11-cryptography.x86_64                         37.0.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-devel.i686                                  3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-devel.x86_64                                3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-idna.noarch                                 3.4-1.el8                                                  appstream 
python3.11-libs.i686                                   3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-libs.x86_64                                 3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-lxml.x86_64                                 4.9.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
python3.11-mod_wsgi.x86_64                             4.9.4-1.el8                                                appstream 
python3.11-numpy.x86_64                                1.23.5-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-numpy-f2py.x86_64                           1.23.5-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-pip.noarch                                  22.3.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-pip-wheel.noarch                            22.3.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-ply.noarch                                  3.11-1.el8                                                 appstream 
python3.11-psycopg2.x86_64                             2.9.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
python3.11-pycparser.noarch                            2.20-1.el8                                                 appstream 
python3.11-pysocks.noarch                              1.7.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
python3.11-pyyaml.x86_64                               6.0-1.el8                                                  appstream 
python3.11-requests.noarch                             2.28.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-rpm-macros.noarch                           3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-scipy.x86_64                                1.10.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-setuptools.noarch                           65.5.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-setuptools-wheel.noarch                     65.5.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-six.noarch                                  1.16.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
python3.11-tkinter.x86_64                              3.11.2-2.el8_8.1                                           appstream 
python3.11-urllib3.noarch                              1.26.12-1.el8                                              appstream 
python3.11-wheel.noarch                                0.38.4-3.el8                                               appstream 
python36.x86_64                                        3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python36-debug.x86_64                                  3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python36-devel.x86_64                                  3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python36-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.6.8-38.module+el8.5.0+671+195e4563                       appstream 
python38.x86_64                                        3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-Cython.x86_64                                 0.29.14-4.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                      appstream 
python38-PyMySQL.noarch                                0.10.1-1.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-asn1crypto.noarch                             1.2.0-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        appstream 
python38-babel.noarch                                  2.7.0-11.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-cffi.x86_64                                   1.13.2-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       appstream 
python38-chardet.noarch                                3.0.4-19.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       appstream 
python38-cryptography.x86_64                           2.8-3.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                          appstream 
python38-debug.x86_64                                  3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-devel.x86_64                                  3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-idle.x86_64                                   3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-idna.noarch                                   2.8-6.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                          appstream 
python38-jinja2.noarch                                 2.11.3-1.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                      appstream 
python38-libs.x86_64                                   3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-lxml.x86_64                                   4.4.1-7.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        appstream 
python38-markupsafe.x86_64                             1.1.1-6.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        appstream 
python38-mod_wsgi.x86_64                               4.6.8-4.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                       appstream 
python38-numpy.x86_64                                  1.17.3-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-numpy-doc.noarch                              1.17.3-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-numpy-f2py.x86_64                             1.17.3-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-pip.noarch                                    19.3.1-6.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                      appstream 
python38-pip-wheel.noarch                              19.3.1-6.module+el8.7.0+1063+20f2b9a4                      appstream 
python38-ply.noarch                                    3.11-10.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        appstream 
python38-psutil.x86_64                                 5.6.4-4.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                        appstream 
python38-psycopg2.x86_64                               2.8.4-4.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        appstream 
python38-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                           2.8.4-4.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        appstream 
python38-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                         2.8.4-4.module+el8.6.0+794+eba84017                        appstream 
python38-pycparser.noarch                              2.19-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                         appstream 
python38-pysocks.noarch                                1.7.1-4.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                        appstream 
python38-pytz.noarch                                   2019.3-3.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       appstream 
python38-pyyaml.x86_64                                 5.4.1-1.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                        appstream 
python38-requests.noarch                               2.22.0-9.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                       appstream 
python38-resolvelib.noarch                             0.5.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
python38-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-scipy.x86_64                                  1.3.1-4.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                        appstream 
python38-setuptools.noarch                             41.6.0-5.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       41.6.0-5.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-six.noarch                                    1.12.0-10.module+el8.4.0+570+c2eaf144                      appstream 
python38-test.x86_64                                   3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-tkinter.x86_64                                3.8.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1313+e073abae.1                    appstream 
python38-urllib3.noarch                                1.25.7-5.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-wheel.noarch                                  0.33.6-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python38-wheel-wheel.noarch                            0.33.6-6.module+el8.5.0+672+ab6eb015                       appstream 
python39.x86_64                                        3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-PyMySQL.noarch                                0.10.1-2.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       appstream 
python39-cffi.x86_64                                   1.14.3-2.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       appstream 
python39-chardet.noarch                                3.0.4-19.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       appstream 
python39-cryptography.x86_64                           3.3.1-2.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                        appstream 
python39-devel.x86_64                                  3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-idle.x86_64                                   3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-idna.noarch                                   2.10-3.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                         appstream 
python39-libs.x86_64                                   3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-lxml.x86_64                                   4.6.5-1.module+el8.6.0+795+de4edbcc                        appstream 
python39-mod_wsgi.x86_64                               4.7.1-5.module+el8.7.0+1064+ad564229                       appstream 
python39-numpy.x86_64                                  1.19.4-3.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       appstream 
python39-numpy-doc.noarch                              1.19.4-3.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       appstream 
python39-numpy-f2py.x86_64                             1.19.4-3.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       appstream 
python39-pip.noarch                                    20.2.4-7.module+el8.7.0+1064+ad564229                      appstream 
python39-pip-wheel.noarch                              20.2.4-7.module+el8.7.0+1064+ad564229                      appstream 
python39-ply.noarch                                    3.11-10.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                        appstream 
python39-psutil.x86_64                                 5.8.0-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                        appstream 
python39-psycopg2.x86_64                               2.8.6-2.module+el8.6.0+795+de4edbcc                        appstream 
python39-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                           2.8.6-2.module+el8.6.0+795+de4edbcc                        appstream 
python39-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                         2.8.6-2.module+el8.6.0+795+de4edbcc                        appstream 
python39-pycparser.noarch                              2.20-3.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                         appstream 
python39-pysocks.noarch                                1.7.1-4.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                        appstream 
python39-pyyaml.x86_64                                 5.4.1-1.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                        appstream 
python39-requests.noarch                               2.25.0-2.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       appstream 
python39-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-scipy.x86_64                                  1.5.4-3.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                        appstream 
python39-setuptools.noarch                             50.3.2-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       appstream 
python39-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       50.3.2-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                       appstream 
python39-six.noarch                                    1.15.0-3.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       appstream 
python39-test.x86_64                                   3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-tkinter.x86_64                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+1328+24532da6.1                    appstream 
python39-toml.noarch                                   0.10.1-5.module+el8.4.0+574+843c4898                       appstream 
python39-urllib3.noarch                                1.25.10-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                      appstream 
python39-wheel.noarch                                  1:0.35.1-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                     appstream 
python39-wheel-wheel.noarch                            1:0.35.1-4.module+el8.5.0+673+10283621                     appstream 
qatengine.x86_64                                       1.0.0-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
qatlib.x86_64                                          23.02.0-2.el8_8                                            appstream 
qatlib-service.x86_64                                  23.02.0-2.el8_8                                            appstream 
qatzip.x86_64                                          1.1.2-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
qatzip-libs.x86_64                                     1.1.2-1.el8_8                                              appstream 
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                        15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-curl.x86_64                             15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-gluster.x86_64                          15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-iscsi.x86_64                            15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-rbd.x86_64                              15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-ssh.x86_64                              15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-common.x86_64                                 15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                   15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-docs.x86_64                                   15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-hw-usbredir.x86_64                            15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-ui-opengl.x86_64                              15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qemu-kvm-ui-spice.x86_64                               15:6.2.0-33.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                   appstream 
qgnomeplatform.i686                                    0.7.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                                  0.7.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
qgpgme.i686                                            1.13.1-11.el8                                              appstream 
qgpgme.x86_64                                          1.13.1-11.el8                                              appstream 
qpdf.x86_64                                            7.1.1-10.el8                                               appstream 
qpdf-doc.noarch                                        7.1.1-10.el8                                               appstream 
qpdf-libs.i686                                         7.1.1-10.el8                                               appstream 
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                       7.1.1-10.el8                                               appstream 
qperf.x86_64                                           0.4.11-2.el8                                               appstream 
qrencode.x86_64                                        3.4.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
qrencode-libs.i686                                     3.4.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                   3.4.4-5.el8                                                appstream 
qt5-assistant.x86_64                                   5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-designer.x86_64                                    5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                    5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                    5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                                 5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qt3d.i686                                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.i686                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qt3d-doc.noarch                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qt3d-examples.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase.i686                                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-doc.noarch                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-examples.i686                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-examples.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.i686                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.i686                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.i686                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.i686                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d.i686                                    5.12.5-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d.x86_64                                  5.12.5-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d-examples.x86_64                         5.12.5-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity.i686                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.i686                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-doc.noarch                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative.i686                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.i686                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-doc.noarch                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-examples.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.i686                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects-doc.noarch                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtimageformats.i686                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtimageformats-doc.noarch                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtlocation.i686                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.i686                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-doc.noarch                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-examples.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.i686                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-doc.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-examples.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.i686                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-doc.noarch                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-examples.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.i686                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-doc.noarch                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-examples.x86_64                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtscript.i686                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.i686                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtscript-doc.noarch                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtscript-examples.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsensors.i686                                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.i686                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-doc.noarch                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-examples.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus.i686                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus-doc.noarch                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialport.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.i686                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-doc.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-examples.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsvg.i686                                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.i686                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-doc.noarch                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-examples.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                     5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                              5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-devel.i686                                 5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                               5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-doc.noarch                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-examples.i686                              5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-examples.x86_64                            5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.i686                         5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                       5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.i686               5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64             5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.i686                             5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                           5.15.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                              5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwayland.i686                                     5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwayland-doc.noarch                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwayland-examples.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.i686                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-doc.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-examples.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.i686                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-doc.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-examples.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras.i686                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.i686                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras-doc.noarch                             5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.i686                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.i686                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-doc.noarch                           5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
quota.x86_64                                           1:4.04-14.el8                                              baseos    
quota-doc.noarch                                       1:4.04-14.el8                                              baseos    
quota-nld.x86_64                                       1:4.04-14.el8                                              baseos    
quota-nls.noarch                                       1:4.04-14.el8                                              baseos    
quota-rpc.x86_64                                       1:4.04-14.el8                                              baseos    
quota-warnquota.x86_64                                 1:4.04-14.el8                                              baseos    
radvd.x86_64                                           2.17-15.el8                                                appstream 
raptor2.i686                                           2.0.15-16.el8                                              appstream 
raptor2.x86_64                                         2.0.15-16.el8                                              appstream 
rarian.i686                                            0.8.1-19.el8                                               appstream 
rarian.x86_64                                          0.8.1-19.el8                                               appstream 
rarian-compat.x86_64                                   0.8.1-19.el8                                               appstream 
rasdaemon.x86_64                                       0.6.1-13.el8                                               baseos    
rasqal.i686                                            0.9.33-6.el8                                               appstream 
rasqal.x86_64                                          0.9.33-6.el8                                               appstream 
rdma-core.i686                                         44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
rdma-core.x86_64                                       44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
rdma-core-devel.i686                                   44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
rdma-core-devel.x86_64                                 44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
readline.i686                                          7.0-10.el8                                                 baseos    
readline-devel.i686                                    7.0-10.el8                                                 baseos    
readline-devel.x86_64                                  7.0-10.el8                                                 baseos    
readonly-root.noarch                                   10.00.18-1.el8                                             baseos    
realmd.x86_64                                          0.17.1-1.el8                                               baseos    
rear.x86_64                                            2.6-9.el8                                                  appstream 
recode.i686                                            3.6-47.el8                                                 appstream 
recode.x86_64                                          3.6-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redfish-finder.noarch                                  0.3-6.el8                                                  appstream 
redhat-lsb.x86_64                                      4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-core.i686                                   4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                                 4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-cxx.i686                                    4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-cxx.x86_64                                  4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-desktop.i686                                4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-desktop.x86_64                              4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-languages.i686                              4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-languages.x86_64                            4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-printing.i686                               4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-printing.x86_64                             4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.i686                      4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.x86_64                    4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-submod-security.i686                        4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                      4.1-47.el8                                                 appstream 
redhat-menus.noarch                                    12.0.2-12.el8                                              appstream 
redhat-support-lib-python.noarch                       0.13.0-0.el8_5                                             appstream 
redhat-support-tool.noarch                             0.13.0-0.el8_5                                             appstream 
redis.x86_64                                           5.0.3-5.module+el8.5.0+657+2674830e                        appstream 
redis-devel.x86_64                                     5.0.3-5.module+el8.5.0+657+2674830e                        appstream 
redis-doc.noarch                                       5.0.3-5.module+el8.5.0+657+2674830e                        appstream 
redland.i686                                           1.0.17-14.el8                                              appstream 
redland.x86_64                                         1.0.17-14.el8                                              appstream 
rest.i686                                              0.8.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
rest.x86_64                                            0.8.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
rhel-system-roles.noarch                               1.21.2-1.el8_8                                             appstream 
rhn-check.x86_64                                       2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
rhn-client-tools.x86_64                                2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
rhn-custom-info.noarch                                 5.4.42-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       appstream 
rhn-setup.x86_64                                       2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
rhn-setup-gnome.x86_64                                 2.8.16-13.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                      appstream 
rhn-virtualization-host.noarch                         5.4.70-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                       appstream 
rhncfg.noarch                                          5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
rhncfg-actions.noarch                                  5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
rhncfg-client.noarch                                   5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
rhncfg-management.noarch                               5.10.120-10.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                    appstream 
rhnlib.noarch                                          2.8.6-8.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                        appstream 
rhnpush.noarch                                         5.5.110-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                      appstream 
rhnsd.x86_64                                           5.0.35-3.module+el8.3.0+178+27415451                       appstream 
rhsm-icons.noarch                                      1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
rhythmbox.i686                                         3.4.2-8.el8                                                appstream 
rhythmbox.x86_64                                       3.4.2-8.el8                                                appstream 
rig.noarch                                             1.1-3.el8                                                  appstream 
rmt.x86_64                                             2:1.5.3-13.el8                                             baseos    
rng-tools.x86_64                                       6.15-3.el8                                                 baseos    
rocky-backgrounds.noarch                               86.3-1.el8                                                 appstream 
rocky-indexhtml.noarch                                 8.0-0.el8                                                  baseos    
rocky-logos.x86_64                                     86.3-1.el8                                                 baseos    
rocky-logos-httpd.noarch                               86.3-1.el8                                                 baseos    
rocky-logos-ipa.noarch                                 86.3-1.el8                                                 appstream 
rocky-obsolete-packages.noarch                         8-4                                                        baseos    
rocky-release-cloud.noarch                             8-3.el8                                                    extras    
rocky-release-core.noarch                              8-1.el8                                                    extras    
rocky-release-hpc.noarch                               8-1.el8                                                    extras    
rpaste.x86_64                                          0.3.1-1.el8                                                extras    
rpcbind.x86_64                                         1.2.5-10.el8                                               baseos    
rpm-apidocs.noarch                                     4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-build-libs.i686                                    4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-cron.noarch                                        4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-devel.i686                                         4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-devel.x86_64                                       4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-libs.i686                                          4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                   8-2.el8                                                    appstream 
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                      2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.el8_8                              appstream 
rpm-ostree-libs.i686                                   2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.el8_8                              appstream 
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                                 2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.el8_8                              appstream 
rpm-plugin-fapolicyd.x86_64                            4.14.3-26.el8                                              appstream 
rpm-plugin-ima.x86_64                                  4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-plugin-prioreset.x86_64                            4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                              4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-plugin-syslog.x86_64                               4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                      4.14.3-26.el8                                              baseos    
rpmdevtools.noarch                                     8.10-8.el8                                                 appstream 
rpmemd.x86_64                                          1.6.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                          8-0.1                                                      extras    
rpmfusion-free-release-tainted.noarch                  8-0.1                                                      extras    
rpmlint.noarch                                         1.10-14.el8                                                appstream 
rrdtool.i686                                           1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             appstream 
rrdtool.x86_64                                         1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             appstream 
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                                    1.7.0-16.el8_4                                             appstream 
rshim.x86_64                                           2.0.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
rsync-daemon.noarch                                    3.1.3-19.el8_7.1                                           baseos    
rsyslog.x86_64                                         8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-crypto.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-doc.noarch                                     8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-elasticsearch.x86_64                           8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-kafka.x86_64                                   8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mmaudit.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mmfields.x86_64                                8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mmjsonparse.x86_64                             8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mmkubernetes.x86_64                            8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mmnormalize.x86_64                             8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mmsnmptrapd.x86_64                             8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-mysql.x86_64                                   8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-omamqp1.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-openssl.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-pgsql.x86_64                                   8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                                    8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-snmp.x86_64                                    8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rsyslog-udpspoof.x86_64                                8.2102.0-13.el8                                            appstream 
rt-tests.x86_64                                        2.5-1.el8                                                  appstream 
rtkit.x86_64                                           0.11-19.el8                                                appstream 
rtla.x86_64                                            5.14.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
ruby.i686                                              2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby.x86_64                                            2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby-devel.i686                                        2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby-devel.x86_64                                      2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby-doc.noarch                                        2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby-hivex.x86_64                                      1.3.18-23.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                     appstream 
ruby-irb.noarch                                        2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby-libguestfs.x86_64                                 1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
ruby-libs.i686                                         2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
ruby-libs.x86_64                                       2.5.9-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-abrt.noarch                                    0.3.0-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                        appstream 
rubygem-abrt-doc.noarch                                0.3.0-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                        appstream 
rubygem-bigdecimal.i686                                1.3.4-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                              1.3.4-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-bson.x86_64                                    4.3.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        appstream 
rubygem-bson-doc.noarch                                4.3.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        appstream 
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                 1.16.1-4.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                       appstream 
rubygem-bundler-doc.noarch                             1.16.1-4.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                       appstream 
rubygem-did_you_mean.noarch                            1.2.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-io-console.i686                                0.4.6-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                              0.4.6-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-json.i686                                      2.1.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-json.x86_64                                    2.1.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-minitest.noarch                                5.10.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                     appstream 
rubygem-mongo.noarch                                   2.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        appstream 
rubygem-mongo-doc.noarch                               2.5.1-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        appstream 
rubygem-mysql2.x86_64                                  0.4.10-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                       appstream 
rubygem-mysql2-doc.noarch                              0.4.10-4.module+el8.5.0+739+43897a5e                       appstream 
rubygem-net-telnet.noarch                              0.1.1-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-openssl.i686                                   2.1.2-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                                 2.1.2-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-pg.x86_64                                      1.0.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        appstream 
rubygem-pg-doc.noarch                                  1.0.0-2.module+el8.4.0+592+03ff458a                        appstream 
rubygem-power_assert.noarch                            1.1.1-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-psych.i686                                     3.0.2-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                   3.0.2-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-rake.noarch                                    12.3.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                     appstream 
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                    6.0.1.1-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                    appstream 
rubygem-test-unit.noarch                               3.2.7-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygem-xmlrpc.noarch                                  0.3.0-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                      appstream 
rubygems.noarch                                        2.7.6.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                    appstream 
rubygems-devel.noarch                                  2.7.6.3-110.module+el8.6.0+992+fc951c18                    appstream 
runc.x86_64                                            1:1.1.4-1.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                     appstream 
rust.x86_64                                            1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-analysis.x86_64                                   1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-analyzer.x86_64                                   1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-debugger-common.noarch                            1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-doc.x86_64                                        1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-gdb.noarch                                        1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-lldb.noarch                                       1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-src.noarch                                        1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-std-static.x86_64                                 1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-std-static-wasm32-unknown-unknown.x86_64          1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-std-static-wasm32-wasi.x86_64                     1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rust-toolset.x86_64                                    1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
rustfmt.x86_64                                         1.66.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1428+0690fcea                      appstream 
saab-fonts.noarch                                      0.91-18.el8                                                appstream 
sac.noarch                                             1.3-30.el8                                                 appstream 
samba.x86_64                                           4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-client.x86_64                                    4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-client-libs.i686                                 4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-client-libs.x86_64                               4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-common.noarch                                    4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-common-libs.i686                                 4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-common-libs.x86_64                               4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-common-tools.x86_64                              4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-dc-libs.i686                                     4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                   4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                    4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-krb5-printing.x86_64                             4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                          4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-libs.i686                                        4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-libs.x86_64                                      4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-pidl.noarch                                      4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-test.x86_64                                      4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-test-libs.x86_64                                 4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-tools.x86_64                                     4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-usershares.x86_64                                4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-vfs-iouring.x86_64                               4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             appstream 
samba-winbind.x86_64                                   4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                           4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-winbind-krb5-locator.x86_64                      4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-winbind-modules.i686                             4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                           4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samba-winexe.x86_64                                    4.17.5-3.el8_8                                             baseos    
samyak-devanagari-fonts.noarch                         1.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
samyak-fonts-common.noarch                             1.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
samyak-gujarati-fonts.noarch                           1.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
samyak-malayalam-fonts.noarch                          1.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
samyak-odia-fonts.noarch                               1.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
samyak-tamil-fonts.noarch                              1.2.2-19.el8                                               appstream 
sane-backends.x86_64                                   1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-daemon.x86_64                            1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-devel.i686                               1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-devel.x86_64                             1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-doc.noarch                               1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                     1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                   1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                    1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                  1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-libs.i686                                1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                              1.0.27-22.el8                                              appstream 
sane-frontends.x86_64                                  1.0.14-30.el8                                              appstream 
sanlk-reset.x86_64                                     3.8.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
sanlock.x86_64                                         3.8.4-4.el8                                                appstream 
sanlock-lib.i686                                       3.8.4-4.el8                                                baseos    
sanlock-lib.x86_64                                     3.8.4-4.el8                                                baseos    
sassist.noarch                                         0.8.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
satyr.i686                                             0.26-2.el8                                                 appstream 
satyr.x86_64                                           0.26-2.el8                                                 appstream 
sbc.i686                                               1.3-9.el8                                                  appstream 
sbc.x86_64                                             1.3-9.el8                                                  appstream 
sbd.x86_64                                             1.5.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
sblim-cmpi-base.i686                                   1.6.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
sblim-cmpi-base.x86_64                                 1.6.4-14.el8                                               appstream 
sblim-gather.x86_64                                    2.2.9-24.el8                                               appstream 
sblim-indication_helper.i686                           0.5.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
sblim-indication_helper.x86_64                         0.5.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
sblim-sfcCommon.i686                                   1.0.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
sblim-sfcCommon.x86_64                                 1.0.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
sblim-sfcb.x86_64                                      1.4.9-17.el8                                               appstream 
sblim-sfcc.i686                                        2.2.8-9.el8                                                appstream 
sblim-sfcc.x86_64                                      2.2.8-9.el8                                                appstream 
sblim-wbemcli.x86_64                                   1.6.3-16.el8                                               appstream 
scala.noarch                                           2.10.6-14.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                      appstream 
scala-apidoc.noarch                                    2.10.6-14.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                      appstream 
scala-swing.noarch                                     2.10.6-14.module+el8.3.0+241+f23502a8                      appstream 
scap-security-guide.noarch                             0.1.69-2.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                   appstream 
scap-security-guide-doc.noarch                         0.1.69-2.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                   appstream 
scap-workbench.x86_64                                  1.2.0-8.el8                                                appstream 
scl-utils.x86_64                                       1:2.0.2-16.el8                                             appstream 
scl-utils-build.x86_64                                 1:2.0.2-16.el8                                             appstream 
scrub.x86_64                                           2.5.2-16.el8                                               appstream 
seabios.x86_64                                         1.16.0-4.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                      appstream 
seabios-bin.noarch                                     1.16.0-4.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                      appstream 
seahorse.x86_64                                        3.20.0-9.el8                                               appstream 
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                  1.16.0-4.module+el8.8.0+1454+0b2cbfb8                      appstream 
selinux-policy.noarch                                  3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                            3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
selinux-policy-doc.noarch                              3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
selinux-policy-minimum.noarch                          3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
selinux-policy-mls.noarch                              3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
selinux-policy-sandbox.noarch                          3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                         3.14.3-117.el8_8.3                                         baseos    
sendmail.x86_64                                        8.15.2-34.el8                                              appstream 
sendmail-cf.noarch                                     8.15.2-34.el8                                              appstream 
sendmail-doc.noarch                                    8.15.2-34.el8                                              appstream 
sendmail-milter.i686                                   8.15.2-34.el8                                              appstream 
sendmail-milter.x86_64                                 8.15.2-34.el8                                              appstream 
setools.x86_64                                         4.3.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
setools-console.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                                baseos    
setools-console-analyses.x86_64                        4.3.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
setools-gui.x86_64                                     4.3.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                  3.3.26-5.el8                                               appstream 
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                          3.3.14-1.el8                                               appstream 
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                           3.3.26-5.el8                                               appstream 
setserial.x86_64                                       2.17-45.el8                                                baseos    
sevctl.x86_64                                          0.3.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
sg3_utils.x86_64                                       1.44-6.el8                                                 baseos    
sg3_utils-libs.i686                                    1.44-6.el8                                                 baseos    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                  1.44-6.el8                                                 baseos    
sgabios.x86_64                                         1:0.20170427git-3.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115             appstream 
sgabios-bin.noarch                                     1:0.20170427git-3.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115             appstream 
sgpio.x86_64                                           1.2.0.10-21.el8                                            baseos    
shadow-utils-subid.i686                                2:4.6-17.el8                                               baseos    
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                              2:4.6-17.el8                                               baseos    
shim-ia32.x86_64                                       15.6-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                       baseos    
shim-x64.x86_64                                        15.6-1.el8.rocky.0.2                                       baseos    
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                            1.200-13.el8                                               appstream 
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                 2.200-2.el8                                                appstream 
sil-padauk-book-fonts.noarch                           3.003-1.el8                                                appstream 
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                3.003-1.el8                                                appstream 
sil-scheherazade-fonts.noarch                          2.100-5.el8                                                appstream 
sip.x86_64                                             4.19.25-1.el8                                              appstream 
sisu-inject.noarch                                     1:0.3.3-6.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
sisu-plexus.noarch                                     1:0.3.3-6.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                      appstream 
skkdic.noarch                                          20170102-4.T1100.el8                                       appstream 
skopeo.x86_64                                          2:1.11.2-0.2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                  appstream 
skopeo-tests.x86_64                                    2:1.11.2-0.2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                  appstream 
slang.i686                                             2.3.2-3.el8                                                baseos    
slang.x86_64                                           2.3.2-3.el8                                                baseos    
slang-devel.i686                                       2.3.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
slang-devel.x86_64                                     2.3.2-3.el8                                                appstream 
slf4j.noarch                                           1.7.25-4.module+el8.6.0+843+5a13dac3                       appstream 
slirp4netns.x86_64                                     1.2.0-2.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                       appstream 
smartmontools.x86_64                                   1:7.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
smc-anjalioldlipi-fonts.noarch                         6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-dyuthi-fonts.noarch                                6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-fonts-common.noarch                                6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-kalyani-fonts.noarch                               6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                                 6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-rachana-fonts.noarch                               6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-raghumalayalam-fonts.noarch                        6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-suruma-fonts.noarch                                6.1-10.el8                                                 appstream 
smc-tools.i686                                         1.8.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
smc-tools.x86_64                                       1.8.2-1.el8                                                baseos    
snactor.noarch                                         0.15.1-1.el8                                               appstream 
snappy.i686                                            1.1.8-3.el8                                                baseos    
snappy.x86_64                                          1.1.8-3.el8                                                baseos    
socat.x86_64                                           1.7.4.1-1.el8                                              appstream 
sos.noarch                                             4.6.0-2.el8                                                baseos    
sos-audit.noarch                                       4.6.0-2.el8                                                baseos    
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                         0.8-9.el8                                                  appstream 
soundtouch.i686                                        2.0.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
soundtouch.x86_64                                      2.0.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
source-highlight.i686                                  3.1.8-17.el8                                               appstream 
spacewalk-abrt.noarch                                  2.8.3-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
spacewalk-client-cert.noarch                           2.8.2-3.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
spacewalk-koan.noarch                                  2.8.6-6.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
spacewalk-oscap.noarch                                 2.8.5-4.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
spacewalk-remote-utils.noarch                          2.8.4-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
spacewalk-usix.noarch                                  2.8.1-5.module+el8.3.0+252+a4420673                        appstream 
spamassassin.x86_64                                    3.4.6-1.el8                                                appstream 
spax.x86_64                                            1.5.3-13.el8                                               baseos    
speech-dispatcher.i686                                 0.8.8-6.el8                                                appstream 
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                               0.8.8-6.el8                                                appstream 
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                     0.8.8-6.el8                                                appstream 
speex.i686                                             1.2.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
speex.x86_64                                           1.2.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
speexdsp.i686                                          1.2-0.13.rc3.el8                                           appstream 
speexdsp.x86_64                                        1.2-0.13.rc3.el8                                           appstream 
spice-client-win-x64.noarch                            8.8-1.el8                                                  appstream 
spice-client-win-x86.noarch                            8.8-1.el8                                                  appstream 
spice-glib.i686                                        0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-glib.x86_64                                      0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-glib-devel.i686                                  0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-glib-devel.x86_64                                0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk.x86_64                                       0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk-tools.x86_64                                 0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk3.i686                                        0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                      0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk3-devel.i686                                  0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-gtk3-vala.x86_64                                 0.38-6.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-protocol.noarch                                  0.14.2-1.el8                                               appstream 
spice-qxl-wddm-dod.noarch                              0.21-2.el8                                                 appstream 
spice-server.i686                                      0.14.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
spice-server.x86_64                                    0.14.3-4.el8                                               appstream 
spice-streaming-agent.x86_64                           0.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                   0.20.0-5.el8                                               appstream 
spice-vdagent-win-x64.noarch                           0.10.0-7.el8                                               appstream 
spice-vdagent-win-x86.noarch                           0.10.0-7.el8                                               appstream 
spirv-tools.x86_64                                     2023.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                2023.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
splix.x86_64                                           2.0.1-0.36.20130902svn.el8                                 appstream 
sqlite.i686                                            3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            baseos    
sqlite.x86_64                                          3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            baseos    
sqlite-devel.i686                                      3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            baseos    
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                    3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            baseos    
sqlite-doc.noarch                                      3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            baseos    
sqlite-libs.i686                                       3.26.0-18.el8_8                                            baseos    
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                  4.3-20.el8                                                 baseos    
squid.x86_64                                           7:4.15-6.module+el8.8.0+1273+55f5b063                      appstream 
srp_daemon.x86_64                                      44.0-2.el8.1                                               baseos    
sscg.x86_64                                            3.0.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
sshpass.x86_64                                         1.09-4.el8                                                 appstream 
sssd.x86_64                                            2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-ad.x86_64                                         2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-client.i686                                       2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-client.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-common.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                 2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                       2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-idp.x86_64                                        2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              appstream 
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                        2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                        2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                       2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                       2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-polkit-rules.x86_64                               2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                      2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-tools.x86_64                                      2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
sssd-winbind-idmap.x86_64                              2.8.2-3.el8_8                                              baseos    
stalld.x86_64                                          1.17.1-1.el8_7                                             appstream 
star.x86_64                                            1.5.3-13.el8                                               baseos    
startup-notification.i686                              0.12-15.el8                                                appstream 
startup-notification.x86_64                            0.12-15.el8                                                appstream 
startup-notification-devel.i686                        0.12-15.el8                                                appstream 
startup-notification-devel.x86_64                      0.12-15.el8                                                appstream 
stix-fonts.noarch                                      1.1.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
stix-math-fonts.noarch                                 1.1.0-12.el8                                               appstream 
stratis-cli.noarch                                     2.4.2-1.el8                                                appstream 
stratisd.x86_64                                        2.4.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
stratisd-dracut.x86_64                                 2.4.2-2.el8                                                appstream 
stress-ng.x86_64                                       0.15.00-1.el8                                              appstream 
stunnel.x86_64                                         5.56-5.el8_3                                               baseos    
subscription-manager.x86_64                            1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
subscription-manager-cockpit.noarch                    1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
subscription-manager-migration.x86_64                  1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  appstream 
subscription-manager-migration-data.noarch             2.0.51-1                                                   appstream 
subscription-manager-plugin-ostree.x86_64              1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.x86_64          1.28.36-3.el8_8.rocky.0.1                                  baseos    
subversion.x86_64                                      1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
subversion-devel.x86_64                                1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
subversion-gnome.x86_64                                1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
subversion-javahl.noarch                               1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
subversion-libs.x86_64                                 1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
subversion-perl.x86_64                                 1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
subversion-tools.x86_64                                1.10.2-5.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                      appstream 
suitesparse.i686                                       4.4.6-11.el8                                               appstream 
suitesparse.x86_64                                     4.4.6-11.el8                                               appstream 
supermin.x86_64                                        5.2.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
supermin-devel.x86_64                                  5.2.1-2.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                       appstream 
sushi.x86_64                                           3.28.3-1.el8                                               appstream 
swig.x86_64                                            3.0.12-19.module+el8.4.0+385+82b6e804                      appstream 
swig-doc.noarch                                        3.0.12-19.module+el8.4.0+385+82b6e804                      appstream 
swig-gdb.x86_64                                        3.0.12-19.module+el8.4.0+385+82b6e804                      appstream 
switcheroo-control.x86_64                              1.1-5.el8                                                  appstream 
swtpm.x86_64                                           0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    appstream 
swtpm-devel.x86_64                                     0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    appstream 
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                      0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    appstream 
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                     0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    appstream 
swtpm-tools-pkcs11.x86_64                              0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115    appstream 
symlinks.x86_64                                        1.4-19.el8                                                 baseos    
synce4l.x86_64                                         0-4.20221122git9564b5.el8                                  appstream 
sysfsutils.x86_64                                      2.1.0-25.el8                                               appstream 
syslinux.x86_64                                        6.04-6.el8                                                 baseos    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                               6.04-6.el8                                                 baseos    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                      6.04-6.el8                                                 baseos    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                               6.04-6.el8                                                 baseos    
syslinux-tftpboot.noarch                               6.04-6.el8                                                 baseos    
sysstat.x86_64                                         11.7.3-9.el8                                               appstream 
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                      1.5.11-13.el8                                              appstream 
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                      1.5.11-13.el8                                              appstream 
system-storage-manager.noarch                          1.4-1.el8                                                  baseos    
systemd.i686                                           239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-container.i686                                 239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-container.x86_64                               239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-devel.i686                                     239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-devel.x86_64                                   239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-journal-remote.x86_64                          239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-libs.i686                                      239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemd-tests.x86_64                                   239-74.el8_8.5                                             baseos    
systemtap-devel.i686                                   4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-exporter.x86_64                              4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-initscript.x86_64                            4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-runtime-java.x86_64                          4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-runtime-python3.x86_64                       4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-runtime-virtguest.x86_64                     4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-runtime-virthost.x86_64                      4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-sdt-devel.i686                               4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                             4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
systemtap-server.x86_64                                4.8-2.el8                                                  appstream 
taglib.i686                                            1.11.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
taglib.x86_64                                          1.11.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
tagsoup.noarch                                         1.2.1-15.el8                                               appstream 
tang.x86_64                                            7-6.el8                                                    appstream 
target-restore.noarch                                  2.1.75-4.el8                                               baseos    
targetcli.noarch                                       2.1.53-2.el8                                               appstream 
tbb.i686                                               2018.2-9.el8                                               appstream 
tbb-devel.i686                                         2018.2-9.el8                                               appstream 
tbb-devel.x86_64                                       2018.2-9.el8                                               appstream 
tbb-doc.x86_64                                         2018.2-9.el8                                               appstream 
tboot.x86_64                                           1:1.10.5-2.el8                                             baseos    
tcl.i686                                               1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              appstream 
tcl-brlapi.x86_64                                      0.6.7-32.el8                                               appstream 
tcl-devel.i686                                         1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              baseos    
tcl-devel.x86_64                                       1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              baseos    
tcl-doc.noarch                                         1:8.6.8-2.el8                                              baseos    
tcpdump.x86_64                                         14:4.9.3-3.el8                                             appstream 
tcsh.x86_64                                            6.20.00-15.el8                                             appstream 
tdb-tools.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.el8                                                baseos    
teamd.i686                                             1.31-4.el8                                                 baseos    
teamd.x86_64                                           1.31-4.el8                                                 baseos    
teckit.i686                                            2.5.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
teckit.x86_64                                          2.5.8-1.el8                                                appstream 
telnet.x86_64                                          1:0.17-76.el8                                              appstream 
telnet-server.x86_64                                   1:0.17-76.el8                                              appstream 
tesseract.i686                                         4.1.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
tesseract.x86_64                                       4.1.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
tex-fonts-hebrew.noarch                                0.1-28.el8                                                 appstream 
texlive.x86_64                                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ae.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-algorithms.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-amscls.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-amsmath.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-anysize.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-appendix.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-arphic.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-attachfile.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-avantgar.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-babel.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-babel-english.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-babelbib.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-base.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-beamer.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-bera.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-beton.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-bidi.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-bookman.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-booktabs.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-breakurl.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-breqn.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-capt-of.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-caption.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-carlisle.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-changebar.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-changepage.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-charter.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cite.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cjk.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-classpack.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cm.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cm-super.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cmap.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cmextra.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-cns.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collectbox.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collection-htmlxml.noarch                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-colortbl.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-context.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-courier.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-crop.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-csquotes.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ctable.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-currfile.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-datetime.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ec.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-eepic.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-enctex.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-enumitem.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-environ.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-epsf.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-etex.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-euenc.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-euler.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-euro.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-eurosym.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-extsizes.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fancybox.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fancyref.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-filecontents.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-filehook.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-finstrut.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fix2col.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-float.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fncychap.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fontbook.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fontspec.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fontware.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-footmisc.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fp.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-fpl.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-framed.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-geometry.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-graphics.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-helvetic.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-hyperref.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ifetex.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ifluatex.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-iftex.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ifxetex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-import.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-index.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-jadetex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-kastrup.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-koma-script.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-l3packages.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lastpage.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-latex.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-latex2man.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lettrine.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lib.i686                                       7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lib.x86_64                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-linegoal.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lineno.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-listings.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lm.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lm-math.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-lualibs.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-luatex85.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-makecmds.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-marginnote.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-marvosym.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mathspec.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mathtools.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-memoir.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-metafont.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-metalogo.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-metapost.x86_64                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-microtype.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mparhack.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ms.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-multido.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-multirow.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-natbib.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ncctools.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-needspace.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-overpic.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-palatino.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-paralist.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-parallel.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-parskip.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-passivetex.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pgf.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-philokalia.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-placeins.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-plain.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-powerdot.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-preprint.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pslatex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pspicture.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-math.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-node.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-text.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pstricks.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ptext.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-qstest.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-rcs.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-realscripts.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-sansmath.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-section.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-sectsty.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-seminar.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-setspace.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-showexpl.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-soul.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-subfig.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-subfigure.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-symbol.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-t2.noarch                                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tabu.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tabulary.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tetex.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tex.x86_64                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texconfig.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                      7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                        7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                         7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-textcase.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-textpos.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-times.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tipa.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-titlesec.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-titling.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tocloft.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-tools.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-translator.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-txfonts.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-type1cm.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-typehtml.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ucs.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-uhc.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-ulem.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-underscore.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-unisugar.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                              7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-upquote.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-url.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-utopia.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-varwidth.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-wadalab.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-was.noarch                                     7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-wasy.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-wasy2-ps.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-wasysym.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xecolor.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xeindex.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xepersian.noarch                               7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xesearch.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                   7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                          7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                             7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                           7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xifthen.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                  7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                            7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xstring.noarch                                 7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xtab.noarch                                    7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-xunicode.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
texlive-zapfding.noarch                                7:20180414-29.el8_8                                        appstream 
tftp.x86_64                                            5.2-26.el8                                                 appstream 
tftp-server.x86_64                                     5.2-26.el8                                                 appstream 
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                     0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-laksaman-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                        0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch              0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                       0.6.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
theora-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1-21.el8                                             appstream 
thermald.x86_64                                        2.5.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
thunderbird.x86_64                                     102.15.1-1.el8_8                                           appstream 
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts.noarch                       1.901-20.el8                                               appstream 
tigervnc.x86_64                                        1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                  1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
tigervnc-license.noarch                                1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
tigervnc-selinux.noarch                                1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
tigervnc-server.x86_64                                 1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                         1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
tigervnc-server-module.x86_64                          1.12.0-15.el8_8                                            appstream 
time.x86_64                                            1.9-3.el8                                                  baseos    
timedatex.x86_64                                       0.5-3.el8                                                  baseos    
tinycdb.i686                                           0.78-9.el8                                                 appstream 
tinycdb.x86_64                                         0.78-9.el8                                                 appstream 
tix.i686                                               1:8.4.3-23.el8                                             appstream 
tix.x86_64                                             1:8.4.3-23.el8                                             appstream 
tk.i686                                                1:8.6.8-1.el8                                              appstream 
tk.x86_64                                              1:8.6.8-1.el8                                              appstream 
tk-devel.i686                                          1:8.6.8-1.el8                                              appstream 
tk-devel.x86_64                                        1:8.6.8-1.el8                                              appstream 
tlog.i686                                              12.1-2.el8                                                 appstream 
tlog.x86_64                                            12.1-2.el8                                                 appstream 
tmpwatch.x86_64                                        2.11-14.el8                                                baseos    
tmux.x86_64                                            2.7-1.el8                                                  baseos    
tog-pegasus.x86_64                                     2:2.14.1-46.el8                                            appstream 
tog-pegasus-libs.i686                                  2:2.14.1-46.el8                                            appstream 
tog-pegasus-libs.x86_64                                2:2.14.1-46.el8                                            appstream 
tokyocabinet.i686                                      1.4.48-10.el8                                              appstream 
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                    1.4.48-10.el8                                              appstream 
tomcat.noarch                                          1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-admin-webapps.noarch                            1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-docs-webapp.noarch                              1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-el-3.0-api.noarch                               1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-jsp-2.3-api.noarch                              1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-lib.noarch                                      1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-servlet-4.0-api.noarch                          1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
tomcat-webapps.noarch                                  1:9.0.62-5.el8                                             appstream 
toolbox.x86_64                                         0.0.99.3-7.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                    appstream 
toolbox-tests.x86_64                                   0.0.99.3-7.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                    appstream 
torque-libs.i686                                       4.2.10-25.el8                                              appstream 
torque-libs.x86_64                                     4.2.10-25.el8                                              appstream 
totem.x86_64                                           1:3.26.2-1.el8                                             appstream 
totem-nautilus.x86_64                                  1:3.26.2-1.el8                                             appstream 
totem-pl-parser.i686                                   3.26.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                 3.26.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
tpm-quote-tools.x86_64                                 1.0.3-4.el8                                                baseos    
tpm-tools.i686                                         1.3.9.2-1.el8                                              baseos    
tpm-tools.x86_64                                       1.3.9.2-1.el8                                              baseos    
tpm-tools-pkcs11.x86_64                                1.3.9.2-1.el8                                              baseos    
tpm2-abrmd.i686                                        2.3.3-3.el8                                                baseos    
tpm2-abrmd.x86_64                                      2.3.3-3.el8                                                baseos    
tpm2-abrmd-selinux.noarch                              2.3.1-1.el8                                                baseos    
tpm2-pkcs11.x86_64                                     1.6.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
tpm2-pkcs11-tools.x86_64                               1.6.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                      4.1.1-5.el8                                                baseos    
tpm2-tss.i686                                          2.3.2-4.el8                                                baseos    
tpm2-tss-devel.i686                                    2.3.2-4.el8                                                baseos    
tpm2-tss-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.2-4.el8                                                baseos    
trace-cmd.x86_64                                       2.7-10.el8                                                 baseos    
tracer-common.noarch                                   0.7.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
traceroute.x86_64                                      3:2.1.0-6.el8                                              baseos    
tracker.i686                                           2.1.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
tracker.x86_64                                         2.1.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
tracker-miners.i686                                    2.1.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
tracker-miners.x86_64                                  2.1.5-1.el8                                                appstream 
tree.x86_64                                            1.7.0-15.el8                                               baseos    
trousers.x86_64                                        0.3.15-1.el8                                               baseos    
trousers-lib.i686                                      0.3.15-1.el8                                               baseos    
trousers-lib.x86_64                                    0.3.15-1.el8                                               baseos    
tss2.i686                                              1:1.6.0-1.el8                                              baseos    
tss2.x86_64                                            1:1.6.0-1.el8                                              baseos    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                        3.0.9-54.el8                                               appstream 
tuna.noarch                                            0.18-6.el8                                                 baseos    
tuned.noarch                                           2.20.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
tuned-gtk.noarch                                       2.20.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
tuned-profiles-atomic.noarch                           2.20.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
tuned-profiles-compat.noarch                           2.20.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
tuned-profiles-cpu-partitioning.noarch                 2.20.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
tuned-profiles-mssql.noarch                            2.20.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
tuned-profiles-oracle.noarch                           2.20.0-1.el8                                               baseos    
tuned-profiles-postgresql.noarch                       2.20.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
tuned-utils.noarch                                     2.20.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
tuned-utils-systemtap.noarch                           2.20.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
turbojpeg.i686                                         1.5.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
turbojpeg.x86_64                                       1.5.3-12.el8                                               appstream 
twolame-libs.i686                                      0.3.13-12.el8                                              appstream 
twolame-libs.x86_64                                    0.3.13-12.el8                                              appstream 
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                             0.3-17.el8                                                 appstream 
ucx.x86_64                                             1.13.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
ucx-cma.x86_64                                         1.13.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
ucx-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
ucx-ib.x86_64                                          1.13.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
ucx-rdmacm.x86_64                                      1.13.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
udftools.x86_64                                        2.3-2.el8                                                  appstream 
udica.noarch                                           0.2.6-20.module+el8.8.0+1265+fa25dd7a                      appstream 
udisks2.x86_64                                         2.9.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                   2.9.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
udisks2-lsm.x86_64                                     2.9.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                    2.9.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
unbound.x86_64                                         1.16.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
unbound-devel.i686                                     1.16.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
unbound-devel.x86_64                                   1.16.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
unbound-libs.i686                                      1.16.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
unbound-libs.x86_64                                    1.16.2-5.el8                                               appstream 
unicode-ucd.noarch                                     11.0.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
units.x86_64                                           2.17-5.el8                                                 baseos    
unixODBC.i686                                          2.3.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
unixODBC.x86_64                                        2.3.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
unixODBC-devel.i686                                    2.3.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
unixODBC-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.7-1.el8                                                appstream 
upower.i686                                            0.99.7-4.el8_7                                             appstream 
upower.x86_64                                          0.99.7-4.el8_7                                             appstream 
urlview.x86_64                                         0.9-23.20131022git08767a.el8                               appstream 
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                  2.5.2-1.el8.2                                              baseos    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                             20191128-1.el8                                             baseos    
usbguard.x86_64                                        1.0.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
usbguard-dbus.x86_64                                   1.0.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
usbguard-notifier.x86_64                               1.0.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
usbguard-selinux.noarch                                1.0.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
usbguard-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
usbmuxd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-13.el8                                               appstream 
usbredir.i686                                          0.12.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
usbredir.x86_64                                        0.12.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
usbredir-devel.i686                                    0.12.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
usbredir-devel.x86_64                                  0.12.0-4.el8                                               appstream 
usbutils.x86_64                                        010-3.el8                                                  baseos    
usermode.x86_64                                        1.113-2.el8                                                baseos    
usermode-gtk.x86_64                                    1.113-2.el8                                                appstream 
userspace-rcu.i686                                     0.10.1-4.el8                                               baseos    
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                   0.10.1-4.el8                                               baseos    
utf8proc.x86_64                                        2.6.1-3.module+el8.7.0+1065+42200b2e                       appstream 
util-linux-user.x86_64                                 2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
uuid.i686                                              1.6.2-43.el8                                               appstream 
uuid.x86_64                                            1.6.2-43.el8                                               appstream 
uuidd.x86_64                                           2.32.1-42.el8_8                                            baseos    
valgrind.i686                                          1:3.19.0-1.el8                                             appstream 
valgrind-devel.i686                                    1:3.19.0-1.el8                                             appstream 
varnish.x86_64                                         6.0.8-2.module+el8.7.0+1094+66cdd070.1                     appstream 
varnish-devel.x86_64                                   6.0.8-2.module+el8.7.0+1094+66cdd070.1                     appstream 
varnish-docs.x86_64                                    6.0.8-2.module+el8.7.0+1094+66cdd070.1                     appstream 
varnish-modules.x86_64                                 0.15.0-6.module+el8.5.0+677+2a78a869                       appstream 
vdo.x86_64                                             6.2.7.17-14.el8                                            baseos    
vdo-support.x86_64                                     6.2.7.17-14.el8                                            baseos    
veritysetup.x86_64                                     2.3.7-5.el8                                                baseos    
vhostmd.x86_64                                         1.1-5.el8                                                  appstream 
vim-X11.x86_64                                         2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                      appstream 
vinagre.x86_64                                         3.22.0-23.el8                                              appstream 
vino.x86_64                                            3.22.0-11.el8                                              appstream 
virt-dib.x86_64                                        1:1.44.0-9.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115.rocky              appstream 
virt-install.noarch                                    3.2.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
virt-manager.noarch                                    3.2.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
virt-manager-common.noarch                             3.2.0-4.el8                                                appstream 
virt-p2v-maker.x86_64                                  1:1.42.0-5.el8                                             appstream 
virt-top.x86_64                                        1.0.8-37.el8                                               appstream 
virt-v2v.x86_64                                        1:1.42.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   appstream 
virt-v2v-bash-completion.noarch                        1:1.42.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   appstream 
virt-v2v-man-pages-ja.noarch                           1:1.42.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   appstream 
virt-v2v-man-pages-uk.noarch                           1:1.42.0-22.module+el8.8.0+1279+230c2115                   appstream 
virt-viewer.x86_64                                     9.0-12.el8                                                 appstream 
virt-what.x86_64                                       1.25-3.el8                                                 baseos    
virt-who.noarch                                        1.30.14-1.el8                                              appstream 
virtio-win.noarch                                      1.9.24-2.el8_5                                             appstream 
vm-dump-metrics.i686                                   1.1-5.el8                                                  baseos    
vm-dump-metrics.x86_64                                 1.1-5.el8                                                  baseos    
vm-dump-metrics-devel.i686                             1.1-5.el8                                                  baseos    
vm-dump-metrics-devel.x86_64                           1.1-5.el8                                                  baseos    
voikko-tools.x86_64                                    4.1.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
volume_key.x86_64                                      0.3.11-5.el8                                               appstream 
volume_key-devel.i686                                  0.3.11-5.el8                                               appstream 
volume_key-devel.x86_64                                0.3.11-5.el8                                               appstream 
volume_key-libs.i686                                   0.3.11-5.el8                                               appstream 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.11-5.el8                                               appstream 
vorbis-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.4.0-28.el8                                             appstream 
vsftpd.x86_64                                          3.0.3-35.el8                                               appstream 
vte-profile.x86_64                                     0.52.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
vte291.i686                                            0.52.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
vte291.x86_64                                          0.52.4-2.el8                                               appstream 
vulkan-headers.noarch                                  1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            appstream 
vulkan-loader.i686                                     1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            appstream 
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                   1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            appstream 
vulkan-loader-devel.i686                               1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            appstream 
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                             1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            appstream 
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                    1.3.239.0-1.el8                                            appstream 
vulkan-validation-layers.x86_64                        1.3.239.0-2.el8                                            appstream 
watchdog.x86_64                                        5.16-1.el8                                                 baseos    
wavpack.i686                                           5.1.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
wavpack.x86_64                                         5.1.0-16.el8                                               appstream 
wayland-devel.i686                                     1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
wayland-devel.x86_64                                   1.21.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                         1.25-1.el8                                                 appstream 
webkit2gtk3.i686                                       2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                     2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.i686                                 2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                               2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc.i686                                   2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                                 2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.i686                             2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                           2.38.5-1.el8_8.5                                           appstream 
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                           0.3-10.el8                                                 appstream 
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                         0.3-10.el8                                                 appstream 
weldr-client.x86_64                                    35.9-2.el8                                                 appstream 
wget.x86_64                                            1.19.5-11.el8                                              appstream 
whois.x86_64                                           5.5.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
whois-nls.noarch                                       5.5.1-2.el8                                                appstream 
wireshark.x86_64                                       1:2.6.2-15.el8                                             appstream 
wireshark-cli.i686                                     1:2.6.2-15.el8                                             appstream 
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                   1:2.6.2-15.el8                                             appstream 
wodim.x86_64                                           1.1.11-39.el8                                              appstream 
woff2.i686                                             1.0.2-5.el8                                                appstream 
woff2.x86_64                                           1.0.2-5.el8                                                appstream 
words.noarch                                           3.0-28.el8                                                 baseos    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                  1:2.10-1.el8                                               baseos    
wpebackend-fdo.i686                                    1.10.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                  1.10.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
wqy-microhei-fonts.noarch                              0.2.0-0.22.beta.el8                                        appstream 
wqy-unibit-fonts.noarch                                1.1.0-20.el8                                               appstream 
wsmancli.x86_64                                        2.6.0-11.el8                                               appstream 
x3270.x86_64                                           3.6ga5-1.el8                                               baseos    
x3270-text.x86_64                                      3.6ga5-1.el8                                               baseos    
x3270-x11.x86_64                                       3.6ga5-1.el8                                               appstream 
xapian-core.x86_64                                     1.4.18-3.el8                                               appstream 
xapian-core-libs.i686                                  1.4.18-3.el8                                               appstream 
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                1.4.18-3.el8                                               appstream 
xcb-util.i686                                          0.4.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
xcb-util.x86_64                                        0.4.0-10.el8                                               appstream 
xcb-util-image.i686                                    0.4.0-9.el8                                                appstream 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                  0.4.0-9.el8                                                appstream 
xcb-util-keysyms.i686                                  0.4.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                0.4.0-7.el8                                                appstream 
xcb-util-renderutil.i686                               0.3.9-10.el8                                               appstream 
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                             0.3.9-10.el8                                               appstream 
xcb-util-wm.i686                                       0.4.1-12.el8                                               appstream 
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                     0.4.1-12.el8                                               appstream 
xdelta.x86_64                                          3.1.0-4.el8                                                baseos    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                              1.8.1-1.el8                                                appstream 
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                          1.8.0-1.el8                                                appstream 
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                   0.17-1.el8                                                 appstream 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                               0.10-13.el8                                                appstream 
xdg-utils.noarch                                       1.1.2-5.el8                                                appstream 
xdp-tools.x86_64                                       1.2.10-1.el8                                               appstream 
xfsdump.x86_64                                         3.1.8-4.el8                                                baseos    
xfsprogs.i686                                          5.0.0-11.el8_8                                             baseos    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                        5.0.0-11.el8_8                                             baseos    
xfsprogs-devel.i686                                    5.0.0-11.el8_8                                             baseos    
xfsprogs-devel.x86_64                                  5.0.0-11.el8_8                                             baseos    
xinetd.x86_64                                          2:2.3.15-25.el8                                            appstream 
xkeyboard-config-devel.noarch                          2.28-1.el8                                                 appstream 
xmlrpc-c.i686                                          1.51.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                        1.51.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
xmlrpc-c-client.i686                                   1.51.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                 1.51.0-8.el8                                               baseos    
xmlsec1.i686                                           1.2.25-4.el8                                               appstream 
xmlsec1.x86_64                                         1.2.25-4.el8                                               appstream 
xmlsec1-nss.i686                                       1.2.25-4.el8                                               appstream 
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                     1.2.25-4.el8                                               appstream 
xmlsec1-openssl.i686                                   1.2.25-4.el8                                               appstream 
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                 1.2.25-4.el8                                               appstream 
xmlstarlet.x86_64                                      1.6.1-20.el8                                               appstream 
xmlto.x86_64                                           0.0.28-7.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-sgml-doctools.noarch                              1.11-6.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                                   1.7.1-7.el8                                                appstream 
xorg-x11-drivers.x86_64                                7.7-30.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                19.1.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                              0.3.7-6.el8.1                                              appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                              2.10.6-2.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.i686                          2.10.6-2.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.x86_64                        2.10.6-2.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                              0.5.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.i686                                2.99.917-41.20210115.el8                                   appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                              2.99.917-41.20210115.el8                                   appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                           0.29.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                            1:1.0.15-4.el8.1                                           appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                0.1.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.x86_64                                0.3.0-2.el8                                                appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                               2.4.0-3.el8                                                appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                             13.2.1-8.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                              0.38.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64               0.38.0-1.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                           7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                  7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch                 7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch                 7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch                 7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                  7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch                 7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                  7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                         7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                         7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                             7.5-19.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                            2020.1-3.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.x86_64                            1.20.11-15.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                          1.20.11-15.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.x86_64                           1.20.11-15.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                            1.20.11-15.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xspice.x86_64                          0.1.5-11.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                            1.20.11-15.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                        21.1.3-10.el8                                              appstream 
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                          1.20.11-15.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                                  7.5-28.el8                                                 appstream 
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                  1:1.0.9-12.el8                                             appstream 
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                               1.1.1-13.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                  1.3.4-18.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                          1.3.4-18.el8                                               appstream 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                              7.7-28.el8                                                 appstream 
xorriso.x86_64                                         1.4.8-4.el8                                                appstream 
xrestop.x86_64                                         0.4-21.el8                                                 appstream 
xsane.x86_64                                           0.999-30.el8                                               appstream 
xsane-common.x86_64                                    0.999-30.el8                                               appstream 
xsane-gimp.x86_64                                      0.999-30.el8                                               appstream 
xterm.x86_64                                           331-1.el8_3.2                                              appstream 
xterm-resize.x86_64                                    331-1.el8_3.2                                              appstream 
xxhash.x86_64                                          0.8.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
xxhash-libs.i686                                       0.8.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                     0.8.1-3.el8                                                appstream 
xz-devel.i686                                          5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              baseos    
xz-libs.i686                                           5.2.4-4.el8_6                                              baseos    
yajl.i686                                              2.1.0-11.el8                                               appstream 
yajl.x86_64                                            2.1.0-11.el8                                               appstream 
yara.i686                                              4.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
yara.x86_64                                            4.2.3-1.el8                                                appstream 
yelp.x86_64                                            2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             appstream 
yelp-libs.i686                                         2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             appstream 
yelp-libs.x86_64                                       2:3.28.1-3.el8                                             appstream 
yelp-tools.noarch                                      3.28.0-3.el8                                               appstream 
yelp-xsl.noarch                                        3.28.0-2.el8                                               appstream 
yp-tools.x86_64                                        4.2.3-2.el8                                                appstream 
ypbind.x86_64                                          3:2.5-2.el8                                                appstream 
ypserv.x86_64                                          4.1-1.el8                                                  appstream 
yum-utils.noarch                                       4.0.21-19.el8_8                                            baseos    
zenity.x86_64                                          3.28.1-2.el8                                               appstream 
zlib.i686                                              1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            baseos    
zlib-devel.i686                                        1.2.11-21.el8_7                                            baseos    
zsh.x86_64                                             5.5.1-10.el8                                               baseos    
zsh-html.noarch                                        5.5.1-10.el8                                               appstream 
zziplib.i686                                           0.13.68-9.el8                                              appstream 
zziplib.x86_64                                         0.13.68-9.el8                                              appstream 
zziplib-utils.x86_64                                   0.13.68-9.el8                                              appstream 
